Hello there, welcome to my site! My name is Manoj Dayaram, and I'm probably writing software for moovweb right now.
If you came here to find out what I like, well then, I like fire, fruit parfaits, hugs, tea, computer science education, pocket watches, puppies, kittens, ponies, top hats, monocles, half-belts, nail art, gloves, alpacas, grilled cheese, port, moscato, chartreuse, b&b, magic, and drawing. If you know I like something that's not on this list, then I probably either missed it, or I lied to you.
I will occasionally write random musings about life and such whenever I get the time or have a good idea. It's mostly brain dump for me, but perhaps it is of interest to you.
Unfortunately, there's not much else here, but if you'd like to find out more about me, you can always get in touch with me through other channels.
Still looking for more? Well, here's a picture of Beowulf ripping Grendel's arm off.
And that's that...
Most of the things I have are things people have given me throughout the years.  During the winter break, I’ve been trying to clean my room and I have stumbled through several items which I remember being a keepsake from someone, though I can’t quite remember from who or exactly the context that it was given to me in.

This made me wonder a few things…when does a keepsake stop being a keepsake?  Is it when it no longer reminds you of the person that gave it to you or the event where you stumbled upon it?  Or does it ever stop being one?  Does the item itself lose value as your memory of it’s beginnings fade?  Did it ever have any value other than it’s trigger to that memory?  If it’s a functional keepsake, does it lose all its value once it’s no longer functional?

People usually get the impression that I really like Halloween for some reason.  Not sure if it’s just because of my ridiculous nature or the random antics I pull from time to time that perhaps, when extrapolated, can be loosely related to the mischief which is associated with Halloween.  Regardless why it may be, when it comes close to Halloween time, friends always seem to have relatively high hopes and expectations in seeing what I’ll do, in terms of costume or anything event related.

It’s not really disappointment, but mostly a look of confusion that I get when I tell them that I’m actually not that into Halloween other than just really liking The Nightmare Before Christmas.  I don’t really like dressing in costume, and when you take that away, Halloween is mostly just a good reason to have fun in whatever way you want, which is what I try to do all the time anyways. 

However, this has been an exciting year of changes and revelations.  For this reason, I wanted to give Halloween a serious try.  I got super excited about our company party, but most importantly of all, I really wanted an awesome costume.

After a while of contemplating, and going through highs and lows of wanting a full body fox costume and realizing how hard it would be to find one my size, I was falling back into my old habit of “let me just wear my old rave clothes and call that a costume.”

I tried going back in my mind to previous Halloweens and thinking of any cool costumes I remembered.  Most I quickly brushed off assuming that they just wouldn’t work for me.  Finally, I remembered a costume my friend Dat had last year.  He was a Pinterest board - in other words, had several pictures pinned on his shirt.

I remember really liking his costume, but I didn’t quite understand why at the time, but it hit me now: interactivity.  It wasn’t just a costume you’d look at and admire, but rather, the viewer could participate.  They could add their own photo to his shirt.

I now had a new goal: an interactive costume.  I’d like to say that it took me a really long time to come up with the idea from here, but I was in a point in my life where this concept resonated with me so strongly that it came to me immediately: I would be a personification of Post Secret.

For those of you who don’t know what Post Secret is, it is “an ongoing community art project where people mail in their secrets anonymously on one side of a homemade postcard” which are then posted on the website.  I was actually really surprise to find out how many people didn’t know about it, but it just made me that much happier to meet someone that got it right away.

So what does that mean in terms of a costume?  I decided to wear mostly black and carry fabric markers with me asking people to write their secrets or confessions onto my clothes.  I quickly bought some pants and a shirt from a thrift shop as well as suspenders and a tie.  I decided to use my fedora as a sign post to give people a clue as to what I was.  My costume was complete, or rather, more like "ready."

Since Halloween fell on a Thursday this year, there were parties and events going on both the weekend prior and the weekend after.  I decided to wear my costume on Friday and Saturday night on the prior week, as well as Thursday all day.  I walked around the streets, asking not just my friends and acquaintances, but strangers, baristas at coffee shops, waiters, drivers, and anyone that seemed even mildly interested if they’d like to post a secret on me.  Though sometimes impossible, I tried my best to keep the person’s identity anonymous to myself, and made sure to not survey what was written on me until the very end.

Though I really loved the idea of the costume, my expectations were very low.  You can’t really stop people from simply using you as a human blackboard where they’d write on me any nonsensical thing.  And though there was a fair share of people that drew penises or left their phone numbers, I was really impressed and touched at some of the secrets people left.

I’m afraid my demons will win.

Men have wounded me.  It’s scary.

Here is a couple written over each other:

For 3 years I had to fake it w/ my ex.

I’m having a good time.  It’s weird.

This one is hard to read, as it’s been overpowered by other messages on top of it, but it’s still somewhat decipherable if you look closely:

I make jokes b/c I have no reason to laugh.

I’m secretly a sad person.

And so many more…honestly, I started this project hoping to provide people a safe space for expressing things they have been holding on to, but I never realized the impact it would affect me.  Coming home at the end of the day on Halloween night and taking a look at some of the messages written on me, nearly all for the first time, actually made me tear up.  It was a true reminder that we’re all more than what we make ourselves seem.

Thank you to everyone who shared a secret with me.  I really appreciate you sharing a little vulnerable part of yourselves.

Today was the first day of Outside Lands.  Between all the stages, there was this one section in the middle of the woods called “Digital Detox: Disconnect to Reconnect.”  It was basically an area where they kindly asked you to turn off your phones and had a bunch of really cool old retro type of stuff.

There were rotary phones, chalkboards, crayons, board games, tea rooms…and a typewriter.  I’ve had “We Belong" stuck in my head recently, so I typed up a lyric from it on the top of an index card.  I then promptly folded it up and kept it in my wallet.

When I got home I found the card again while clearing out my pockets.  After looking at it for a while, I just couldn’t help the urge to illustrate it.  I actually spent quite a bit of time on this one, but I love how it turned out.  It’s probably one of my favorites.

My company came up with this new marketing term called a t.Engine.  The current logo is still a work in progress, but there was a joking consensus that it looked like a meat grinder.  Ike, the marketer who came up with the logo, challenged us to do better.

Thus, I present to you my rendition of a t.Engine!  In traditional start-up napkin canvas =D

Was waiting in the doctor’s office so I decided to put up a sketch.  Supposed to be a person sitting on a hill, overlooking the plains, large tree on the corner, tiny child flying a kite on the plains, mountains over the horizon.

The circle in the middle of the page was going to be a magnifying glass peeking into the world of a tiny ant, either carrying a leaf or walking along a blade of grass.  Unfortunately, I got called in before I could get started on that.

Me and Molly went to Dandelion Chocolate today.  The place has some pretty cool and intricate architecture.  This is my inaccurate representation of their roof from where I was sitting.

I’m not sure what happened here.  This is one of those drawings where I just tried drawing stuff out of no where.

I don’t like it.  Let’s forget it ever happened.

"I hadn’t been to a 7-11 for the longest time, and as I passed by one today on my way to work, I decided to stop by and check it out. I remember liking their coffee a lot, so I went straight to the coffee bar. As I poured myself a cup, the guy next to me accidentally spilled coffee everywhere.

He was a very stoic fellow. Very serious looking, expressionless. He wore a very interesting black hat.

Anyways, seeing the spill, I started helping him out. I took a bunch of napkins and gave him some. We both began cleaning vigorously. His expression unchanging the entire time. Not saying a word.

Once we were done he left to pay for his coffee. I still had to finish setting up mine, but as I walked to the cashier, she told me that the guy with the hat paid for my coffee. I quickly rushed out the door to look for him, but he was gone.

Thanks stoic hat guy, you made my day feel better!”

I was meaning to make a blog post about this but decided to write it as a story for sftruestoryproject.tumblr.com

I remember the coffee tasting terrible, but I couldn’t help but smile almost the entire day.  The little things truly have a huge impact.

But oh man, my handwriting…that’s pretty horrible.

Molly took over again with a really beautiful sketch of a shepherd girl.  As you can tell, her drawing style is very animeish.

So I got a Sketch Doodle kit from Yvonne which comes with a bunch of sketch doodle ideas.  The first one was “Aardvark.”  They show you the picture of a very cartoony aardvark and then have instructions on how you can draw it.  I really liked the inspiration since one of my biggest problems is just thinking of things to draw, but I didn’t like the instruction set on how to draw an aardvark, so I just went ahead and drew one from random pictures I found on the internet of real aardvarks.

I’m not too much of a fan on how it came out.  I finished drawing him and was disappointed.  Molly suggested I draw him play cards, so I gave him a hand of cards.  Then I thought it looked somewhat boring so I added a rabbit eating his cards, and the rabbit made me think of Alice in Wonderland and pocket watches, so I draw that with a secret Ace.

Overall a very random sketch.

We’re all imperfect.  That is not a surprise.  It’s something you hear everyone saying, “everyone has flaws, just gotta learn to accept them.”  Acceptance, it seems, is the way to deal with your imperfections.  You are imperfect  and that’s ok, so you should learn to accept your imperfections and be happy with yourself.

For the longest time, I had idolized this thought.  I took a close look at myself and pinned all the things I thought were terrible about me.  And what did I do?  I accepted them.  I took them in as part of me.  I joked about them, I talked about them freely, I let people know about them up front, I made them part of my personality.  I had ingrained my imperfections into myself so much so that my friends or colleagues didn’t even see them as such anymore, but rather, as just being me.

A great example of this is my sleeping habits.  I have terrible sleeping habits.  I go to sleep late, and wake up early.  When I do sleep, I sleep terribly, always waking up in the middle of the night, kicking, moving, whatever.  Every now and then I’ll get so terribly tired that I’ll crash and finally get a good night’s sleep, but I’ll be lucky to get those once a week.

So what did I do?  I owned it.  People are aware of my sleeping habits, I joke about it openly.  I’ve actually won the “Vampire” award at my company for being the most active during the night hours.  Whenever I go out I’m always willing to stay late because I know that if I came home, it’s not like I would be able to sleep, so might as well keep going.  Drink some tea or coffee at night? Sure, why not, it’s not like it would’ve made a difference either way.

After a while, not sleeping, as well as several other flaws/imperfections, felt like a part of me.  Or rather, I found myself thinking that what made me interesting as a person were my imperfections.  Perfect people are boring, I would think to myself.  I’m interesting and unique because of my flaws.  They became a topic of conversation, a way to engage people, or even an ice breaker.

All of a sudden I started idolizing my flaws.  I thought it was awesome that I couldn’t sleep, or rather, that I didn’t “need” sleep to function.  I stopped seeing it as a flaw and more as an attribute of what made me me.  I am the guy that rarely sleeps.  Isn’t that awesome?  It’s like a super power!  Insomniaman!

I tricked myself into making my flaws something positive.  It’s actually surprisingly easy to do.  I’m not indicisive, I just value the needs of others more and want their needs to be met.  I’m not terrible at time management, I just really care about my work and really want to get everything done.  

You can probably see how this can turn awry.

I very quickly became attached to my imperfections. I could try to improve any one of them, but that would be like giving up a part of myself.  What am I if not the bummed knee insomniac who would rather have someone else decide the music list for the night?  Who am I?  Will I still be an interesting person?  How could I be?

As you can tell, this lead to a mini identity crisis.  After much reflection, you kind of realize that the above is just not sustainable.  Sure, being purposely damaged and imperfect may offer me some level of allure to the general public, but compounded they’ve become a huge hazard for both my physical and mental health.  Not only that, but I almost felt childish, as in, I can’t believe that after all these years I still have these same problems. As my 13 year old self, I would’ve never fathom that my sleeping habits would’ve persisted over a decade later.  It felt embarrassing, as if I had made no progress in life.

From that revelation, the rest kind of just fell into place.  Our imperfections don’t make us who we are, they are transient attributes that will come and go throughout our life.  Holding to any particular one of them is selfish and preventing the real you from growing.

So I took a major turn, and for the past couple of years have been trying very hard to improve upon myself.  I’ve had some successes and also a lot of failures, but from anything you can derive useful information.  In the case of sleep, I read several books on the subject, tried several combinations of routines and even got a sleep-quality tracker.  After a while of experimenting, I finally found a routine that worked for me.  Though my sleeping habits are still quite in flux, I at least now know what to do in order to stabilze them when I really need to.  It’s unfortunately not always possible given everything else going on in my life, but I have at least made strides towards eventual sleep nirvana.

My attitude when speaking to people regarding my flaws has also changed.  If I speak about them at all, I’m no longer boastful, but rather, inquisitive for any advice they may have for trying to overcome them.

Do I miss being the damaged guy with imperfections?  Sometimes.  It’s hard to get rid of that feeling entirely, but I’m sure I’ll be at peace with it at some point.  I guess part of it is internalizing that, though someone that’s damaged may be interesting, someone who was able to overcome their damage is even more so.

Molly stole my sketchbook and drew her own little entry of a fairy.  As you can see, her drawing style far differs from mine, in the sense that hers is a lot better.  

We saw this beautiful sunset on the cruise, the horizon was flooded with really thick gray clouds, and you could barely see the sun just below it, on the horizon line, and slightly above.  The clouds had a sharp stop, leading up to a really gorgeous gradient sky.

My depiction is pretty terrible unfortunately.

Just swam with dolphins, so I drew one!  But, I didn’t like the way it turned out.  I didn’t want to erase it, so I just drew a cool looking octopus next to it.

He lost his two legs in the Great Ocean War.

I’m not sure what I was doing here.  I started off with a giant ball, and thought it would be funny to draw a dinosaur on it, so it was like, a dinosaur riding an asteroid, reminiscent of Dr. Strangelove.

But then I drew some guys playing ping pong with it, and…some crazy dude in the corner, I don’t know.  First experiment in mental drawing.

Raining Rainbow!

Me and Molly have been wanting to put up some paintings on our walls, so I recently bought a watercolor set and we started some practice paintings.  I drew/painted this jelly fish.  Could be better, but it’s a nice start.  Helped me learn a decent amount on how to control watercolor stuff.  Note to self, never try to color white on top of another color.

Went to Angel Island for a company trip.  One of my co-workers brought his 3 year old daughter.  I asked her what I I should draw, and she said a ballerina.  

I hate umbrellas.  Why do I hate them?  Well, they don’t shield you from rain coming in from an angle, they fail at shielding you from splashes coming from below, they poke people’s eyes out, they are completely useless in the wind, making you look ridiculous, and more often than not, end up getting destroyed after a rainy and windy day, making them a terrible solution for the problem they’re attempting to solve, which is not getting wet in the rain.

It’s easy to say that you like or dislike something if your reasonings are purely logical.  I like or dislike this because of reasons x, y z.  You make a logical argument in your brain as to why something is good or not and convince yourself of it.  It’s not important whether that argument is correct or not, what matters is that you are convinced that it is.

Can we really call liking, or disliking, as described above, an emotion?  Something that is construed from logical statements, as such, seems somewhat odd to call a feeling, yet most people use it in that manner.  I really like pocket watches.  I would go as far to say that I love pocket watches.  What do I love about them?  Well, it lets me check the time while I’m on my phone, they don’t constrict my wrist like a normal watch would, and I like the attention I get from people when they notice it.  You could delve further into the psychological implications of the last statement, but if you only really care about my emotional attachment to pocket watches, then the buck stops there.  

But why does the buck stop there?  Why do I like the attention people give me when they notice my pocket watch? — I’ve sat here for five minutes trying to think of a good reason and can’t come up with any.  At this point, I can very comfortably say that I like that feeling, simply because it is what I like, and that is that.  Again, you can delve into the topic psychologically, perhaps I didn’t get enough attention as a child and feel like I have to compensate, or I got too much and I need to keep up the rhythm.  However, at this stage, why I feel the way I feel is of no concern to me, but the fact that attention from people illicits that feeling is what matters.  That is true emotion, and everything else that leads up to it (such as the pocket watch itself) is merely a tool to get there.

So why do we like, or dislike certain things?  Why do we really like certain sounds, tastes, and feelings? Why do we like, or even love certain people?  Could you accurately describe the reasons why you like your significant other?

I’m no biochemist, but at this point, I feel like that is the domain we enter through.  For some reason or another, the stimuli that you adore or hate is causing some kind of chemical reaction to take place in your brain, perhaps your entire body.  Whatever reactions take place will dictate whether you feel good or bad about whatever just happened, and after enough times of it happening, you will develop some sense of like or dislike towards the given stimuli.*

So what does that say about our different likes and dislikes?  Is your love for chocolate equated to simply the chemicals that are released after you eat it?  Is your love for a person equated to simply the chemical reactions that take place in your brain when you’re around them?  One interesting thing that I’d like to propose is that regardless of what the equation is, you could almost always take the stimuli out of the picture and still be able to sustain the same feeling through other means.  In other words, it’s almost as if you have a choice of what you get to like and dislike as long as you are able to manipulate the chemical reactions happening in your brain, or at least trick your brain into thinking something is interesting enough times to develop a liking to it.

An obvious way of doing this would be through drugs.  Molly will very easily make you love everything and everyone.  A more sustainable approach, though, is consciously taking a deep interest in everything you encounter, and avoid dismissing things simply by what may seem as their boring surface.  I’m a firm believer that everything and everyone is interesting as long as you’re willing to dig deep into the people or subject matters.

So where does that leave us?  Suppose you do a pretty decent job at employing the above technique.  You become very open to new experiences without judgement, and have amassed a generally diverse collection of friends as you try your best not to dismiss anyone simply because they may seem uninteresting at first.  You become the person that’s always up for anything, no matter how ridiculous, and you always have a blast while doing things.

So what’s wrong with the picture above?  At first glance, nothing.  In fact, I’ve lived the majority of my life not seeing anything wrong with this picture.  The problem actually comes up when the technique is employed.  Rationally, you would only employ it when you’re doing things beyond your control, or perhaps if you’re trying new things voluntarily.  But what happens if that becomes your default way of thinking when experiencing new things and meeting new people?  Well, you pretty much end up liking everything you do, and everyone you meet.

Don’t see the problem yet?  The easiest way to bring it about is by asking a simple question:  What’s your favorite song?  Got an answer?  Then you probably don’t have this problem.  There’s just too many songs, and I like all of them.  Do you have a favorite restaurant?  They’re all great and delicious, I don’t know which one to pick.  This “disorder” of sorts surfaces up as simple indecisiveness, however, it can get slightly more complicated when you involve other people in the equation.  Do you like Amy?  Do you like her because of the technique you employed above, or do you truly like her?  Is there a difference?  Are you justified in dating Amy if you don’t like her any more than you like Becky, Carol, or any other girl for that matter?

If you become too comfortable with the technique, the problem also manifests itself when you’re given too much freedom.  So you have a long break coming up?  What are you going to do?  You could do absolutely anything.  What would you like to do?  I don’t know, there’s just too many things that are interesting, I can’t really choose.  So what happens?  You end up doing nothing.  You know that whatever you end up doing you’ll enjoy, so why bother doing anything?  

Perhaps the above may not seem like a problem to most people.  It’s actually a nice way to stay economical; you don’t have to spend money on any extravagant vacation plans or items.  Some might even say that it makes you easily amused, which in general, I consider to be a more positive characteristic than anything.  But it also means that you’re doing nothing, and thus, are making zero progress on anything.  Maybe that’s fine for some people, but for me, it makes me feel very uneasy.  

So what’s the solution then?  Just pick something and go?  But how do you know that you picked the “right” thing?  You like everything else just as much as whatever you picked, so how can you, in all good conscious, decide to do one thing over another?  Well, maybe you’ll just know.  Maybe there’s that one thing that’ll come around, say art, where you simply thoroughly enjoy.  You find yourself enthralled by it with little to no effort, and just like that, you found your niche.  But what if you haven’t found it yet?  Or worse, what if everything you’ve tried thus far gives you that feeling.  Then what?  What do you do?  Given infinite time, perhaps you could actually become involved in everything, but you don’t, so what do you save you’re precious time for?

Well, certainly not umbrellas, that’s for sure.

———
* Again, I’m not biochemist, so all of this is pure contemplation on my part.  I’d be totally excited about talking to a real biochemist about this though, so if you’re one, and you’d like to chat, drop me an email.


Was walking home from work where I decided to stop by a park and just chill for a bit.  There were a ton of birds flapping and chilling around, so I figured I’d give my hand at drawing one.  They all moved around way too much, so this sketch is the result of observing several different types of birds in several different positions.

On our flight to Vegas for EDC, figured I’d get a sketch in there.  Albert was sitting totally still reading his iPad for a decently long time.  In the middle of the sketch, he actually completely shifted and stretched all around…and then got right back into the same exact position, woot!

This is Daisy, one of Molly and Larry’s bearded dragons.  I started drawing her while she was laying on the log as depicted here, but then the bigger bearded dragon, Derek, pushed her off before I could finish my sketch, so I kind of improvised most of her body’s lower half.  Oh well, didn’t turn out terribly I suppose.

I’m going to Vegas on June 8th for EDC.  I was there last year and it was a lot of fun.  This year, I’m even meeting a few friends from high school that I haven’t seen in forever.  I’m pretty excited to catch up and party with them.

This is actually an anomaly.  I don’t usually travel for events like this.  I hate being on a plane, but concede that it is the best way to travel long distances.  I’m not much of a sight seer, and I hate tourism, crowded areas, and tourist attractions.  However, I find myself traveling a lot, specially to the East coast.  

So why do I travel then?  For me, it’s a very simple motivator:  To see people that I otherwise would not be able to see.  The dispersion of college and high school has helped me accumulate friends in many different places.  Unfortunately, I’m not that good in staying in touch by other means, such as email, Facebook, texts, and the like.  Thus, I opt for the more extreme approach, seeing them in person whenever I can.  From my lens, the sole purpose of going on a trip is to see one or more people and spend as much time as possible with them.  

One thing that I have noticed quite often is people’s desire to want to meet up at different locations.  Usually I’ll be casually talking about my future planned trips when people will chime in saying that our itineraries intersect, and that we should venture forth together into the night sky of a new city conquered by our ridiculosity.  

As much fun as the proposal sounds, I almost always reject the new venture.  What surprises me the most though is how hurt people seem to be by my rejection.  Almost as if it was a personal attack of me not enjoying their company even though I’m in the middle of doing just that.  Once I’m aware of how hurt people get, I find myself having to explain my motivations for travelling, and how I’d rather spend my limited time seeing the people that I don’t usually get to see.  Though my explanation helps provide reasoning behind my rejection, I can’t really do much about their disappointment.  

I understand where they’re coming from though.  Enjoying experiences with others in new locations is a great and easy way to cement relationships.  It puts you in a position where it’s “us against the world” which is hard not to bond over.  

So what is the best outcome in this situation?  I don’t want to lose the opportunity to create tighter bonds with the people I interact with daily, but I also would like to spend as much time as possible with the friends that I long to see. 

I’ve recently been thinking of trying a hybrid approach, were you perhaps join social groups and give a try at hanging out together.  My past attempts at this have failed as one side of the group quickly indulges in past nostalgia, neglecting the outsider and making him/her feel uncomfortable as they don’t know what people are talking about and also can’t contribute to the conversation.  

My hopeful solution for now is to simply be more attentive of the situation and try to make sure everyone is engaged and can contribute.  However, there’s still a lot that I need to learn about juggling these two sides.  What is the best outcome when combining these two situations?  Is everyone actually benefiting from this compromise?  Or am I merely cheating both sides from their respective time?

Well, you can tell you fail at life when you get a sketch-a-day notebook, decide that’s too hard so you relax the condition to sketch-a-week, and *still* can’t get that going….

Anyways, this one is a quick sketch I did of Karen while we were driving to/from/during Monterey.  I used my rainbow color pencil which is why all the colors are kind of blending with each other.

Tried to get a sketch in during Edwin’s birthday bash in Tahoe.  We did a wine tasting, so I started drawing the kitchen counter which had some left over glasses of wine.  Unfortunately, I got distracted with partying and I stopped half way.  By the time I came back to my drawing, someone had cleaned up the counter =(

Went to a dog park so I gave a try at drawing some of the dogs.  Unfortunately they moved way too fast, so I couldn’t get any good drawings in.  Alas, my memory, it fails me.

I was waiting at Starbucks for Lee to show up, so I decided to put on a sketch.  I really wanted to try my rainbow color pencil, and figured, what better subject to do that with than Rainbow Dash?  None, there’s no better subject.

Sketch-a-day #2, Homer, my ten year old puppy, laying down in what I can only imagine is the most awkward but comfortable position.

I’m starting a sketch-a-day journal.  It’s only been like four days and I already fell off the bandwagon with only two sketches, which is fine.  As long as I can go at least a sketch a week, I feel accomplished.

I drew this while I was bumming around in Central Park.  I looked around for things to draw and was feeling pretty meh about everything, so I started digging through the pictures on my phone and found this pic of James at Starbucks, and the rest is terrible drawing history.

Every now and then, I like to go to a barber to remind myself what a good old fashion shave feels like.  And every now and then, the barber tries to give me the closest shave possible.

Sometimes I warn the guy telling him that I have sensitive skin, so he should probably just shave with the grain. Other times, the barber figures this out himself and concedes the perfect shave in order to spare me bloodshed. 

However, sometimes the barber seems so confident that I think to myself, maybe this guy is good enough to not cut me on pursuit of a smooth face. Maybe this is the barber I’ve been looking for, maybe he’s the one who can save me from this eternal curse of a sandpaper chin. Certainly he has dealt with people like me before, he must already have everything worked out. Maybe I could learn I thing or two from him.

So I refrain, I refrain from saying anything, and let the pro do his job, me just sitting quietly with my eyes closed enjoying the hot towel on my face.

Invariable, it begins. 

"Shit" - not a word you want to hear from someone handling a sharp knife around your neck. "Fuck" "Shoot", it goes on, starting at my neck, through my chin, around my lips, everywhere. I feel every nick, every cut, perfectly synchronized with a curse. 

My reward? A face covered in blood. Alas, another dud. At least my face is super smooth…well, for today anyways.

Walking relatively fast towards the caltrain station, met a fellow fast paced walker. At first we kept pretty good pace with each other, but then we hit a barrier. A group of middle aged ladies came out of Whole Foods and walked slowly in front of us, they took up the entire sidewalk. Not being in a rush, I adjusted my pace accordingly, however, my fellow fast-pacer could not stand for such bottleneck.

It was funny seeing her trying to skip the group in front of us.  Methods such as diverting to the street and leaping them were met with new blocks from fire hydrants, trees, and cars.  After all her failed attempts, she just gave up and joined me at the back of the group at a slow pace.  

Once the group took a turn, we both got back into fast paced mode, but she gradually started slowing down, and I completely overtook her.  Goodbye fellow fast pacer, I hope you’re not late to wherever it is you’re going.  But if you just like walking fast like me, then I hope you enjoyed your walk =)

Survival of the Fittest
The Expressiveness of Computer Languages

I come from a very heavy Java background.  I’ve worked with Java for almost 10 years now, and I’ve worked with very large Java code bases in my previous jobs.  Needless to say, I was a huge design pattern nut.

For those of you who are not familiar, a design pattern is a generalized solution for a recurring problem within software engineering, mostly in the domain of source code organization and interactions.  The Gang of Four book is considered to be the bible of design patterns for Object Oriented Design, and it quickly became my obsession.  Whenever I encountered an architectural problem I couldn’t quite figure out how to solve (or even if I did figure out a solution, but wondered if there was a better one), that was the book I would turn to.

Design patterns ruled my coding life, and I aimed to understand as many as I could.  I love thinking about abstract problems.  I love thinking about software architecture: how different modules communicate with each other, how different parts of code interact with one another, and how to achieve maximum code clarity and self-documentation.  At the time, design patterns seemed like the best way to achieve that.

However, as time went on, and the more design patterns I encountered and implemented, something strange started happening…I started to hate coding.  I wasn’t exactly sure why, but for some reason I felt unfulfilled, aggravated, and frustrated whenever I actually needed to sit down and make something happen.  I still held my love for solving problems in an elegant fashion, figuring out the best way to organize modules in order to decrease coupling and increase code cohesion, however, I began to accept it as a fact that coding brilliant solutions was tedious and boring.  Not only that, I had began doubting whether all brilliant solutions could always be expressed in a clear self-documenting way in code.  Though design patterns offered a venue on how to organize code in such a way that modules were loosely coupled but cohesive, they actually left the source code looking klunky, confusing, and incomprehensible — unless you were already familiar with the design patterns used.

Though not as extensively as Java, I have worked with many other languages before.  At this point in my life I started yearning for the days when I used to work in SML due to how structured and clean my code had felt even though I was tackling rather complicated problems.  I missed my Functors, my Signatures and Modules, my Option Types and functions as first class citizens.  However, SML had always felt like a toy, mostly because of its grave performance, leaving its main purpose as an educational tool more so than anything else.

And such was life.  I eventually left my old job and found myself working here at Moovweb.  The language of choice?  Go.  Hmm, interesting, never heard of it.  It seemed like some weird chimera of Python and C with the concurrency constructs of SML.  Quite fascinating indeed, but it was just another language, nothing to get hyped over.  And so, I churned away and learned as much as I could about it as I began using it to code on my day to day.

As time went on, though, something interesting had happened…I started to enjoy coding again.  I actually found it fun to code solutions in Go.  It was ridiculously refreshing how easily the language allowed you to express complicated ideas.  It turned what once felt like a chore into a wonderful experience once again.  There was no boilerplate, no magic, no tricks; the code was always clear, self explanatory, concise, and clean.  That’s when it had dawned on me…

Design patterns exist to compensate for a programming language’s lack of expressiveness.

I remember feeling super proud of myself for coming up with this idea.  I walked around the halls with a huge smirk on my face, giving high fives to people, finger guns ablazing.

Little did I know that this revelation had been an item of much discussion for nearly ten years now within the Computer Science community.  Jeff Atwood from Coding Horror compiled a nice blog post about how design patterns might be how languages evolve back in 2005 where he quotes a wiki entry from Cunningham & Cunningham about how the presence of excessive design patterns is indicative of missing language features.

Though suddenly dulled of my triumph of coming up with something new and novel, I had at least gained a new confidence that the thought had merit and became increasingly interested in the idea of design patterns as language features.  As mentioned in Jeff Atwood’s post linked above, Peter Norvig had found that 16 of the 23 design patterns described in the Gang of Four book were invisible or simpler in the Lisp programming language.

But Lisp is a very old programming language.  If design patterns is indeed how languages evolve, then shouldn’t we have languages today that are way more expressive than Lisp?  Instead, languages such as C++ and Java came up and overtook the industry.   I guess like Darwinian evolution, we most certainly expect some unfavorable mutations to take place, we can only learn through experimentation and failure after all.

And boy do we experiment!  There are currently over 600 programming languages out there.  Some are mild variations of others, some are testing out completely new and different paradigms, and some are just good for a laugh…but why are languages such as Java and C++ still in such heavy use when it’s been shown that they lack expressiveness?  Shouldn’t they have been weeded out in the survival of the fittest, leaving only the most expressive languages around for common usage?

Well, in a world where novelty is appreciated, it seems more plausible that we would deal with certain inconveniences in order to say that we’re working with something novel.  Java and C++ were novel at the time they were created because Object Oriented Design was novel.  In fact, I would argue that most languages that gain any traction are languages that are based on a novel concept, a new paradigm, or a new attempt at applying expressiveness.

What does this mean for our evolution process?  Suddenly our definition of “fittest” is no longer how expressive a language is, but rather, how novel it is.  This would explain how platforms such as NodeJS are gaining traction, likewise Ruby’s reintroduction to popularity on the appearance of the novel Rails framework1.  After a while, the pattern becomes fairly clear:  When people start designing new programming languages or frameworks they’re not targeting expressiveness, they’re targeting novelty.

And that is why I love Go so much.  During its humble beginnings Go would get a lot of flak from the community because it didn’t introduce anything new or novel.  The language was “nothing special” people would say.  Rather than focusing on a new niche or novelty, the designers of the language focused on expressiveness, and it shows.  I was amazed at how an innocent-looking language feature such as embedding could be used to simplify a wealth of design patterns; Composite, Facade, Proxy, Bridge, and Adapter2.  Not only that, but channels, range, slices, and a wealth of other little language features come into your aid when implementing all sorts of different design patterns.  None of these features are new or novel, they’ve existed in many languages prior, yet you don’t usually see them all combined in one language with such synergy as they are in Go.

Go still adheres to the same laws of evolution as all its other language counterparts, but it’s betting that expressiveness (rather than novelty) should be used to define fitness.  It would’ve been a long shot a few years ago, but I think the Computer Science community is at a point where they’re ready for that change. As Go gains traction I hope that more debate centers around the concept of language expressiveness, hopefully leading to a world where the most expressive languages thrive.



If it must come to that, fine, though it would be cooler if you could do something with a coin, napkin, etc...
Learn a really cool impromptu magic trick that you can do at a bar or club setting.
Well, I'm in California now.  Sooo, what should I do?
Take a break, eat some wings: http://is.gd/d7eCW
Yes, but I wasn't using my computer either :p
Again, awake, but not on twitter :p
I was awake, just not on twitter.  =(
ETA for San Fran is T - 10 days.
Hopefully I'll find a permanent place by that time, so it should be all good.  Food is a must.
and  You guys could help me move from my temp place to my permanent one =D
That's also possible.  If I play my cards right, I could do both =D
FINE.  I will :p
I'm going to work at Salesforce long enough so that they'll send me to Japan.  Might take a couple of years :p
You can probably do some interesting stuff in Tokyo.
Easier than spelling my username =D
Unless you beat FFXIII in 40 hours, I'd say it's common place :p  Also, where's that quote from?
WRONG, it's actually Manoj.  Boy, must Monoj be embarrased.
Sounds like a japanese reality TV show.  Take any pictures?
San Fran is where it's at.  Though if you move to NY, I'd definitely come visit a bunch.
Also:  http://www.google.com/search?q=anagram
The Container Store!
You guys ever watch Shutter Island?  It's a similar film in the psychological sense.
Just bought a Cal King mattress! Yay!
Goodbye corporate housing!
And when that happens, you better take pictures of it; photo shoot style.
Only if you put a frame around it.  PS:  I'm totally doing that now.
Last week of corporate housing spent moving shit out of corporate housing.
Yeah...my bad for not keeping up, BUT you guys are welcomed to come by ANY weekend =D
Take pictures!
Poof.
Signed the lease for our new place today.  Start moving in on Tuesday.
Nope, most of the places we're looking at allow only small dogs if at all.
Pics of my *temporary* housing:  http://bit.ly/d60c8r
I should have permanent housing by August, but if you guys want to come visit on a weekend before that, I'm game.
First day at work.
Oh?  When?
My stuff has arrived!  At last, warm clothing!
Let me know when you arrive!  We should grab dinner or something.
I want to see Inception really bad.  I'd like to catch The Last Airbender as well.
I'm in pacific time, so no :p  Also, I get the feeling that when we meet up, all we're going to do is watch movies.
Unfortunately, I have my hands full with my own moving.  But if you help me, I can help you :p
Blah, I start work on the 12th.  I can only go crazy after 5pm on the 13th :p
Not until I have a permanent home.  Wanna come to my housewarming party? Hopefully that'll happen early August.
Use updatedb after you delete the files and again after you repopulate it.  Should fix the problem.
Some help here http://bit.ly/M93rm and here http://bit.ly/amx3Mr
Are you talking about the latest Tim Ferris post? http://bit.ly/bHvxNd
Going back to NJ this weekend.
Two apartments?  How long are you keeping that up?  Also, last time I was at a roof party, it was busted by campus police.
I'll see it (haven't seen it yet either).  Thought you never wanted to see it though.
My company can't send me back to CMU for recruiting because there's a waitlist -.-
Never knew how unprepared San Francisco was for warm weather... http://bit.ly/ai2WwL
It was really good.  I liked it a lot.  I can see myself watching it several times =D
Just saw San Francisco's rendition of Wicked, and I've never seen the Wizard of Oz.
This is what they wear:  http://www.manties.net/
Phineas and Ferb are my heroes.
I popped my knee in the middle of a dance battle yesterday.  #old
I get two lines of random text on my business card under my name.  What should it be?
Kung Fu or Kempo?
Jiu Jitsu fails when fighting multiple enemies.  Not much you can do to defend yourself when grappling with someone.
Shotty on the first prototype.
It's impossible to know since it never happened...kind of like Schrodingers cat :p
Damn your friend being born in August!  Tell her to change her birth certificate :p
Oh man, take video/pictures!
Pics of new place:  http://bit.ly/aNZNMS
Free this weekend?
Mal's coming by too, sure you can't make it? =(
Yeah, who the fuck needs free internet, TV, heat, water, electricity, gas, furniture, and security when you can have empty space
First day with a smart phone:  I forget my keys at home and it runs out of batteries.
Finally joined the smartphone crowd with the Droid Incredible. Unfortunately, too tired to tinker with it, so we'll leave that for tomorrow.
It's the cube of 3.  #mathjoke
RT : Only in Japan, where eveyrthing is “cute” :) http://wannasmile.com/2009/10/only-in-japan-where-eveyrthing-is-cute/
You should've drawn a 27 (Yes, I said nine before, math fail).
I love those guys.
Started Hapkido today.  Day 1 and I already learned how to bring someone to their knees.
Went to a chocolate festival yesterday.  Most delicious day of my life.
Really?  I drink less caffeine and get more sleep now than I did at CMU.
Selling my Kindle 2 International for $120 if anyone wants it: http://bit.ly/cNZOSI Otherwise, it's going on ebay.
Remind me to always wear a belt next time I go over your house.
Two spaces after a period is the way momma taught me.  You telling me my momma's wrong? #Team2Spaces
http://bit.ly/9GDaUb I've been doing this for years now, works really well for me... actually the reason why I talk to myself all the time.
Tired of software that won't work without hours of configurations.  Bought my family a mac mini, not looking back. #mac
Bloody liars, all of them.  I'm in NJ  :p
Washing Machine doesn't like bathrobe very much #fail
Luckily, I saved the day.  Go me!
Day after riding bike to work:  Left knee feels like it's going to fall apart.  #acl
Stitching my pants after their complete destruction at Spookfest.
Leaving work at the same time the game ended...bad idea.
Actually, not too many.  Overall, it was a pleasant, but crowded, ride home.
Trying to get my build to work, was a pain :p
Stayed up all night to write a paper. Feels like I'm in college again. Too bad I can't skip work to take a nap like I would with lectures.
Memory Analyzer tool crashes with an out of memory error...
Watching the movie Babies: one of the babies discovers his penis, looks at another baby, and asks for a high five.
RT : Netflix on PS3 is disc-free next week! Improved UI, faster loads, 1080i on select video and more: http://bit.ly/b9NCm2
yes, but I can't live forever with my NJ license, even if I don't drive with it :p
Apparently an SSN card, NJ drivers license, and electric bill with your name are not enough to get a CA drivers license.
yeah, or my passport. My birth certificate is from Chile.
Order item A. Receive item B. Call company and ask for an exchange. Receive box labeled item A with item B inside.  #fail
Spoiled my appetite by eating an entire bar of Michael Cluizel's Noir au Gruè de Cacao while waiting for the BART.  Bloody delicious.
Missing the Caltrain for the fourth time really makes you not want to go to Palo Alto anymore...
RT  Pomplamoose (from youtube) in a Hyundai commercial??
RT  RT : Nothing says Thanksgiving like wiping malware off your parents' computer
Kindle battery runs out right before a 5 hour flight. #fail
I've gotten into the habit of naming anything that causes an Out Of Memory error 'oom nom nom'
Midnight munchies are justified if you donated blood.
Caprisun is not as good as I remember it to be...
8-bit Dr. Horrible!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_9x9m8F1b4
Mmm.  http://bit.ly/b8tEQt  #tsa
Home status:  I finally put up my old bed sheet as a curtain.  Next home challenge:  Get a desk so that I can get all my crap off the floor.
The Giants win the World Series, Halloween, and Dia de los Muertos.  The Mission has never been busier.
Any San Francisco natives have any advice on where to be for New Years Eve?
Wrong.
I'm the only person from my team in the office today.
RT : Kindle Book Lending now available http://bit.ly/fHso7T
It's always the microsparks...http://bit.ly/gxft3K
Taking the last flight out for the day after my original flight got cancelled.  Oh, snow...
RT : Dear Wells Fargo, why did you think it would be a good idea to limit the password to my online account to 14 characters?
RT : Backscatter X-Ray Machines Easily Fooled: 
        
 http://bit.ly/fGk7SY
Just saw #Tangled.  It reminded me of the classic #Disney movie feel.  I just wish it was done in the classic Disney movie medium.
Finally got a desk!  My stuff can finally get off the floor!
Went to a party yesterday where the majority of people were from Stanford.  Apparently CMU is regarded very highly there.
I got more wet by someone opening their umbrella next to me than by the rain.
http://yfrog.com/h355i0j 

There has to be over 15k people here.  Pretty amazing.
RT : RT : Happy Computer Science Education Day. What's happening at SCS today: http://bit.ly/h3csWM #CSEdWeek http://fb ...
sure thing, I work at Salesforce.
I feel like I'm in a career fair.  Every booth has little toys and candy to entice passers to engage with them.  #Dreamforce
ah, I should've done the same.  Oh well.  At least I get to look supafly for the rest of the day.  #popscollar
Dreamforce dress code.  Are you saying that I didn't have to dress up?  Sad face.
Wearing business casual with a cup of coffee on one hand and my phone on the other in a business conference.  I feel so grown up.
I remember doing that once upon a time.
Don't copy that floppy!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=up863eQKGUI
DeSoto cabs let me down today.  Even worse:  When they didn't show up in time, I tried calling them back but their number was disconnected.
http://kotaku.com/5741511/littlebigplanet-good-on-ps3-better-in-real-life
they're not stripped out, I can see both spaces on TweetDeck just fine.  It's probably just the HTML rendering.
I'm jealous.
It wasn't that great back in my ol' days.  Is it WiFi by Google?
oh!  I skimmed that book for my research.  If you're designing a game, the Jesse Schell cards that come with it are priceless.
I love the container store!
http://xkcd.com/844/ I always tend to go the "right" route and kick myself later when requirements change.  PS: they almost always do.
and German too.  He's incredible! That honey thong was cool too.
RT : HELP SAVE THE CAPS LOCK! GOOGLE IS TRYING TO KILL IT http://www.thirdage.com/news/caps-lock-key-missing-new-google-netbook_ ...
I get the feeling that industry doesn't appreciate good software architecture as much as I do...
if you use Linux, you might want to check out Pithos.
How do I become superhuman? http://b.qr.ae/etdAoj
sorry, no videos taken.  You can see it yourself if you come to SF :P
Practicing Hapkido moves in the dance floor.  It's super-effective.
Not sure, probably a complaint by someone in the neighborhood or something.
1 minute after midnight Chronus gets busted by cops.  :(
Tony says it's your birthday, just thought you should know.
Like many, I subconsciously need to pace when I talk on the phone.  Today I found myself hopping around on one foot while on the phone.
it went really well. Recovery is hell though.  Not allowed to put any weight on my leg for 6 weeks.
it's the yummiest elastic I've tasted.
The elastic band I got from physical therapy smells like cookies.
Nice.
You should.  It's an awesome riot.  Last time there was a fire the size of an intersection.  Most of the action is downtown.
You know it.  I was there for the last time they won they superbowl.  The city was destroyed.
Made a Phineas & Ferb Playlist in grooveshark.  Sooo good. http://t.co/EJAPCMa
heh.  It reminded me of Florida.  Sunny-rainy days are the norm there.
Today is a beautiful sunny day.  It is also raining.
Thanks guys, I'll be checking out Zuni Cafe and Commonwealth. Sutro Baths is rather far, and we don't have enough time.
Any natives know of any cool non-touristy things to do when visiting San Francisco?
You'd think by now we would have a standard Trie collection in the java libraries...
Went out to get lunch, found a guy selling coconuts out of his van on the corner of 22nd and Barlett.  Delicious.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbnj8OceFi0&feature=youtube_gdata_player
Me:  How does that compile?
Teammate:  I have no idea.

I *hate* working with legacy code.
You sound surprised?
They're not thinking about you, they're thinking about your mom.
http://yfrog.com/h2s9qevj There's a Spanish band playing in El Farolito!
Phineas & Ferb songs? Pandora, you know me freakishly well.
I love it when Pandora plays 'I don't like Mondays' on Mondays.
I don't blame ya.  Just flew on airTran, t'was not very pleasant.
People in the BART used to be a lot nicer to me when I had a cane.
Yeah, it was my password....-.-  Too complex for them to handle.
Sure, it's "passkey'); DROP TABLE passwords;"

It told me it was a strong password when I made it =(
Mmm....maybe it's my password...
Every time I try to login to Elevate, it's always hit or miss, even after I reset my password...what's up?
#refactorererererstrikesagain!
If I ever start a company, I'll require that we rewrite our entire codebase from scratch at least once a year.
Sometimes I wish my job was just to refactor code.  #justcallmetherefactorerererer!
The staff at the #chipotle in 525 Market St. San Francisco are freaking awesome.   , you should get them something nice.
At the airport:
Daughter:  my favorite number is 5!
Father:  you know what's a cool number?
Daughter:  what?
Father:  infinity.
RT :  the Noj is a coveted award in the industry
I like to judge businesses by the quality of their bathrooms. The new Terminal for Virgin America in SFO has earned the Noj seal of approval
Why do Disney villains always have the best songs?
Yup, on my way.
My server at Chipotle graduated today.  I gave him a high five.
http://yfrog.com/hs6hwnsj 
"Spin Kick? Mine!"

Interview with Grandmaster Han-Jae Ji, founder of Hapkido.
Sleeping with a blanket that just came out of the drier.  #lifeslittlepleasures
Puppies are the modern day's super heroes.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXpdmKELE1k
Just got back home from work...
Sooooo, is your birthday being spent in San Francisco this year?
RT : Got my first mechanical keyboard and I love it! highly recommended if you spend hours and hours typing every day :)
my office hours are Fridays at 8pm that fall on April 15s.
When I debug with print statements, I use lyrics to Disney songs.  

"Let's get down to business."
"To defeat..."
NullPointerException
to get my office.  Also, graduation.
Back in SF after an excruciating 4 hour delay....
Can't get more action than a platypus.  They don't do much, you know.
Behold, my office:  http://yfrog.com/h7rwldcvj
YAY
I didn't leave salesforce, and I'm not teaching anything.  I just have an office...I don't do much :p
I am now officially part or the CMU CS faculty.  You can find my office at 4839 GHC.
Iris:  "There's this thing called free time.  It's like procrastination without the guilt!"
I clapped left handedly today.  It was awkward for everyone involved.
http://yfrog.com/h7b1qdpj papercuts
I went there at 10am.  No line, delicious breakfast.
RT  7/1-9/30 "Check out a Chromebook, fly with it+get free WiFi, & return it at the end of your flight… (cont) http://deck.ly/~OHN2B
RT : Now all they need to do is add a hellish multiple-inheritance model for your social circles, and they can call it Google++.
Spending too much time thinking of different implementations instead of implementing makes your throughput seem very slow...
Perry the Platypus ftw RT  Thank Ratchet and Clank for This Wonderful Disney Game http://kotaku.com/5816583/
True that.
I did!  It was sooooooooooo much fun!!!  I don't even listen to electronica music regularly :p
invites are not available yet.  Adding people to your circle now will probably just auto add them when they join.
RT : Google releases Circles on Tau Day.  Coincidence or evil conspiracy?
Rave for three days straight, ~10 hours a day, 1 meal a day.  Survive on water and Red Bull.  Fun times.  #edc
Trading $1 for chips at the cashier makes you look silly. Trading those same chips  back later makes you look like you just lost everything.
Playing it all on 2 at the roulette table.  Wish Dave Tu was here.
I still can't believe how awesome the moon is right now here at #EDC, my camera can't do it justice.
. paid 60 for bus rides from hotel to EDC...have waited over 3 hours for the bus, plus being harassed by cops... #edc #fail
Ricardo in "Cuban Shenanigans!"
Spend all day super tired, get home and can't sleep.
"lets make tacos!" "mmm, I actually pre-fetched thinking we would make pizza."
RT : i realized today that going grocery shopping is a form of caching.
Going shopping :(
They broke =(
I need new pants...
no disk cache.  I was running the app plus the basicftest suite as well as taking heap dumps of resin and analyzing them.
Today I used 11.1 out of my 12 gigs of RAM and was running over 90% in all my 12 CPU cores.
"Hey, I have a problem with this."
Me:  have you tried doing X?
"Yes it didn't work."
"I tried X and it fixed, thanks anyways..."
Just finished my last PT session...
RT : I propose we adopt Hoboken as a borough of NYC and disown Staten Island. Who's with me?!
http://t.co/ke0T1ku
Dancing by the ATM.  Can't get classier.
I have not been able to find a single reason why persistence EJB beans are useful...
RT : The best thing about mathematical jokes is left as an exercise for the reader. #protolol
Nope, still not worth it :p
You should watch this video:  http://t.co/jhCRe4q
Working on our testing framework reminds me of all the things they warn you NOT to do in CMU's OS class... #testframework=oskinda
wish your little siblings a happy birthday for me if you decide to drop by there :p
lol, just give up, it's not worth it.
RT : Google finds it economically infeasible to support IE 6 & 7. You have less money than Google. Apply transitive law her ...
happens to me with hotspot as well :(
RT : YO ECLIPSE: STOP FUCKING DELETING 2 LINES BELOW WHEN I TRY TO AUTOCOMPLETE SOMETHING.
My roommate has super-hearing.
Shyer looks anything but thrilled :p
No one understands the universal ballroom dancing pose.
Good times in clubs:  I just headbutted someone by accident and they took it as a compliment.
RT : There are days when I kind of really miss optimizing C code.
RT : Live Action Version of Nyan Cat http://owl.li/589sX
perhaps your login doesn't handle special characters correctly?
hey, thanks for the response.  I actually changed my pass to something shorter with no special characters and it worked.
Piano Nyan Cat http://bit.ly/fL2Jyf
characters, I think.
seems like a good time to catch up on my reading to me :p
I don't mind it much.
First day at laundromat, can't help but hum this....  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDD-SP2iaa8
not sure, didn't actually stop by, just looked on while passing by.
Napper Tandy = Irish Pub two blocks from my place.
The Napper Tandy has karaoke night.  #whoknew
Are you kidding me? This has got to be the first time I've ever encountered this....  http://t.co/TfntDgN
Random girl just gave me a free peace tea #dolorespark
There's a water balloon fight  at Dolores Park!
:( http://m.youtube.com/#/watch?desktop_uri=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D1Cs8G_mY8jE&v=1Cs8G_mY8jE&gl=US
Not even the ones put there by a man?
This is the second time I've confused a shop dog for a lost dog.  The guys are just let loose to roam the sidewalk around the shops.
Are you talking about peaches that come in a can?
Heading to Dolores park to catch breakfast and bubble tea, feel free to join.
Finally, 100% moved out.
link!
Watching the last airbender in netflix....I have to turn my sound up to the max, I can hear all the background noise, but no speech.. #fail
SF and JFK are JetBlue hubs.   :(
not sure what other movies that line is used in, but Goofy Movie is definitely in there.  One of my favorites.
First half of the move is over.  Perry approves:  http://yfrog.com/gyg0xisj
enough to break the wheel of my large luggage bag...and fill another smaller luggage bag.
By far, the hardest part of moving:  books.
http://theoatmeal.com/blog/google_plus_joke
RT : I can’t wait for OS X Nyan.
Time to watch some Phineas and Ferb!
unfortunately, it was a gas burning one.  Yay for bills :D
Why is it so hot in here?!?!

Oh, the fireplace was turned on for the past three days.  Awesome!
The house.  It's so empty.
http://i.hazasite.net/
nope.  They're all variations of i.hazasite.net
Trisha: "Omg, we still have pizza dough left, I'm throwing it out"
Me: "No!"
Trisha: "What are we gonna do with it?"
Me: "Garlic knots!"
Oh man, I just bought four domains, that shit is addictive.
http://t.co/TpLdwf5 Looks like the "official" clubs are in Golden Gate.  Not sure if I'd take a trip there every weekend though =/
Dolores Park is under construction, AND my favorite bubble tea place too :(
Landscape construction at Dolores Park makes Nojy sad.
RT : Called  paranoid for enabling Gmail 2-step ver, but now I'm doing it. Every 30 days.. not the worst. Someone hac ...
I don't know, I've never talked to them.  Wanna go check them out this weekend?
(cc: ) I'm in San Francisco :p. Also, there's a group of people who juggle/slackline in Dolores park on sunny weekends.
have you looked at moniker.com?
RT : How To Draw Cats http://owl.li/5DRxr
BART has been fine since the past 20 minutes.
RT : is it possible for me to hug everyone at the same time because i really really want to
RT : sent that switch some packets. switches love packets.
oh man, that'll never happen.
personal or work related?
http://t.co/WvDOOf9
. likewise, shortening a descriptive url that fits in the char limit is equally annoying.
. have you tried shortening urls *only* when it's necessary?  Shortening already shortened urls is no fun.
every morning :)
24th and Folsom, right across Philz Coffee.
Not gonna be homeless, yay.
RT : ADMIT IT... no matter how many humans die in the movie, if the dog dies...you get f**king pissed.
Iced mint mojito coffee at Philz Coffee.<3
well, at least they're learning :D. I used the wall for assist when I first got started.
RT : OH: Daughter: "Does programming Java make you sad?" Programmer: "Why?" Daughter: "Because you put a frowny face at the ...
Some song I've never heard of.... #df11 #metallica
Sanitarium #df11 #metallica
"This song might be too heavy for you guys..."  Sad but True #df11 #metallica hah
Me: this is a great party, but I thought there'd be more people.
Staff: oh, everyone is downstairs for Metallica.
Me: downstairs? #df11
http://t.co/1qjHt71 One of the several rock band stations at #df11
http://t.co/ykdnNLS Marc Benioff, your parties are ridiculous.
RT : Great  answer on Hiring Standards: Should people hire based on passion over experience http://t.co/MH3j6NJ
I wouldn't say I *love* it.  I guess I don't dislike it :p
really?
Edwin just put his lit cigarette in his pocket.  So silly.
I tweeted it for laughs, even though it actually happened :p
I almost killed a child today.
(cc )  awesome
RT : Most animals get funnier when you shave them. Not bears. Bears get even more terrifying. http://t.co/1lcE2uh
yeah, just wish they told me when it happened instead of them telling me when I asked them about why I was being charged less :p
Gym: We actually started this new youth program which gives you a 30% discount. You were automatically placed in it two months ago.
Me: Cool
First time doing leg presses since the surgery.  My strength has reduced by two thirds =(
Every time I go to the kitchen for water, I always go towards the sink before I realise we have a water filter.
I guess this is as organized as my room is gonna get *sigh*
Yup, didn't help...oh well.
nope, unless o got the wrong up (8.8.8.8 right?)
its been like that for half an hour now...sadface
oh?  For some reason, I'm getting page not available errors because the DNS server is unresponsive :(
ah, so you don't have the webs either?  I was wondering if it was just me.
Mmm, a cricket has found his way into my room.
I lost my keychain pen...  Words cannot describe my sadness.
RT : Yo momma's so fat she took down EC2 east trying to upload a self portrait to Instagram.
Sad.  Yeah, that happened to be when I went to Hong Kong...didn't let me donate for 2 years afterward -.-
Donate blood, get free snacks.  Why would you not?!
Probably the only time I drink and enjoy Caprisun is when I donate blood.
I feel that way about my job right now.  I rather like it.
happens to me all the time with baggy pants.
no pants party!
I feel like I spend a significant amount of time in my life stitching my pants...
Laundry day.
yeah, crazy day.
just woke up...in Lokahi....
Too much wine and cheese at work.
I do that every now and then.  Here's a recent one that one of my interns sent me:  http://t.co/eJv3mr1
when did we ever have non-imaginary money?
RT : How to seem good at everything: Stop doing stupid shit http://j.mp/p3yYyL
Doctor:  Do *not* do kettle bell swings.
Me: But...
Doctor:  DO NOT DO KETTLE BELL SWINGS!
RT : chemistry cat. the best cat to happen to the internet since keyboard cat. http://twitpic.com/60fztm
Someone put two dollars in my shoe...but why?!
Sleeping is hard.
For any of my entrepreneurial friends, let me know if you'd like to start something in Chile ;) http://t.co/Ck1cmqt
Alas, I have neither.  I would really love to work at a start up in Chile though...I just don't think I could do it by myself.
I've heard about this before.  Anyone with an entrepreneur mindset and a great startup idea should definitely apply.
They have hammocks at Embarcadero: http://yfrog.com/kecz5mxj
sounds good.
I'm up for either.
Brony!
http://t.co/0Qwuqaya
If it wasn't for Facebook and Twitter, I would never know what is happening with Facebook and Twitter.
Manly things!
I haz a hatchet ^.^
Guy at post office tells me I HAVE to get delivery confirmation for priority mail even though I sent a package just last week without it.
Or empanadas =d
Nah, different meeting.
Back in SF.  I think I have a meeting at 9am tomorrow -.-
is bleach out of fillers yet?
oh no! Have you tried using a recovery tool? Also, wtf the company wiped your datas?
RT : Nyan Cat Used as a Weapon in Unreal Tournament 3 http://t.co/xt9VytRh
RT : ., One Minute Animations That Explain Physics Concepts http://t.co/BuHYcZuW
Drive recklessly, for everyone's sake http://t.co/a23ANrN
in psychology class, we would watch Jon and Kate + 8 all the time.
Free!
http://t.co/9nja6uw Free 1/2 gallon of raw milk from chocolate festival ^.^
RT  Chocolateeeeeeeeeeeee (@ 16th Annual Ghirardelli Square Chocolate Festival w/ 30 others) http://t.co/Cox3kaL
I prolly won't be there until 2.  How late does it go?
Tailor fixed my hanky =D
Went out, ate three lunches and one dessert.  Came back to work, and my manager for cookies for everyone.  #nomorefoodplz
sounds like a plan.
likewise.
*virtual bear hug*
Haven't hugged anyone in almost a week... #hugwithdrawl
Got playing bagpipes in Embarcadero...reminds me of CMU.
Mother nature likes to have fun too.  http://t.co/701XEp9
Using state machines in web development.  http://t.co/NwHqu3B
http://pow.cx looks pretty amazing.
Stating to muck around with ruby and rails...having a hard time adjusting to convention over configuration...
RT : Google Celebrates 65th Birthday of Freddie Mercury With Google Doodle http://t.co/DsQcHXu
Homer used to do this as a puppy, so cute.  http://t.co/2fkYOjF
So I got an Amazon EC2 instance...but I feel kind of crippled without a Linux box to connect to it.
Yes, IT WAS FOR THE CHILDREN!
http://t.co/8Y8PEY4 Very shitty pic of Alanis Morissette at the children's hospital concert #df11
http://t.co/KuHjgUK Jay Leno at the children's hospital event #df11
http://t.co/fftNsC7 Sweets at the children's hospital concert ^.^
Just interrupted Marc Benioff to introduce myself,  ,  ,  He thanked me for supporting him.
Samovar tea and Tim Ferris.  Yum.  http://t.co/ADtJpWX
RT : Free Rosamunde Sausage http://t.co/z91Q1nl (http://t.co/3Q8KhKr if you don't use Scoutmob, it's a free coupon site, no  ...
http://t.co/goQNzjZ
http://t.co/QBzvtqx Sanitarium
http://t.co/1EEJtNP waiting for the show to start.
You have more patience than I :p
Too much effort :p
Lol, I just wore a suite, aka, I "dressed up" :p
yes.
The Mission is so much fun during Halloween ^.^
First good nights sleep I've had this entire month.
Come to the office on Saturday to pick up top hat and monocle for a Halloween party, find out that they're gone....#fml
Finally, done with flying for a while.
Getting a peach sunset before the show....without
Waiting for my flight...what to do.....I know....PARFAIT!  http://t.co/sYL354Hh
RT :  dude... Virgin America is the best airline by far! the.end.
Virgin America gave me a free chromebook to use during my Boston flight with free in-flight internet included ^.^
http://t.co/hKOCiyUP Roommate's gecko decided to chill inside the lamp...cozy.
cutie mark crusaders is also a great one :p
Link fails on my phone, but works on desktop.
Can't, will be in a plane then.  Sorries.
weirder than sleeping under a bed?  We just like cozy places, let us be!
RT : Another flaw in the human character is that everybody wants to build and nobody wants to do maintenance.
Cashiers at Safeway are so nice!
http://t.co/CKygY0nh
. http://t.co/GsBX1NCA
http://t.co/C0HE1dQU
that's the only one I've read.
if you don't like death, avoid rainbow factory :p
I second this.
Switched seats with someone in main cabin select so they could sit with their sister.  I enjoyed free movies and food until my tv crashed :(
http://t.co/fHGoa1Tf best part of flying:  pinkberry parfaits at terminal 2 in SFO.
http://t.co/GLTUbJ0V
but binder clips are freeeeeeeee
Yup, I got this complete binder clip set, *just* for you.
Going back home but didn't get any gifts for the fam?  Stuff from the office ftw.
RT : San Francisco, don't miss out on this: http://t.co/iQmB2ncK
http://t.co/EOqPBHrQ
RT : Siri, tell me a story. http://t.co/7qy7Mi5s
RT : Because the platypus both lays eggs and produces milk, it is one of the few animals that can make its own custard.
RT : We are the nyantynyan percent http://t.co/Xs01v4TE
Take a planned one day vacation from work, spend the entirety of the next day resolving issues that came up while you were gone. #fail
I am in San Diego, eating eclairs.
http://t.co/cwdIJnLE #want
RT : A million guys walk in to a Silicon Valley bar. None of them buy anything. The bar is declared a rousing success.
reminds me of 'Popular' by Nada Surf.
I playing dance central it is very fun  it makes me happy to do the dank and smoosh
I'll be fine, just hurts like a bitch right now &gt;.&lt;
Walk half way to BART station, have your knee pop and be forced to take a cab.  #sadface
RT  This shirt is awesome: RT : Yeah, so today: this.  http://t.co/FsqQvPwf
RT : From Reddit, the most modern workplace sign EVER: http://t.co/UUFioDN2
RT : Drink Philz while being as high as a plane, literally! Philz Coffee now available on all  flights! :) ht ...
"daddy, what is that sign?"
"means no radioactivity"
"it's like...invisible fire.  No invisible fire in the mail."
RT : Red Panda, with tongue out: http://t.co/QM2jjnjI
Wake up: feel great.  Go to sleep:  soar throat.  Repeat for two weeks.  Wtf body?
cool!
Pony Swag:  http://t.co/wGuGdJ1C
Spend the day working on a rails site, find out that I was doing everything wrong.  Oh well, still have tomorrow.   #fail
Believe it or not, probably the office.
I feel more at home at the office than I do at home.  *sigh*
RT : Some rabbits, in a toy car, going for a drive. http://t.co/H88nSepG
RT : Just a hedgehog, pretending to be a pear. http://t.co/Ydx33cQS
WANT!  http://t.co/vr64e2uv #mlp
RT : Red Panda Cubs: http://t.co/n66rrP9t
Oh man...I kind of really want one maybe.
RT : Corgi puppy, playing in snow: http://t.co/B44PRnI2
It's funny how good walking around the neighborhood with a cup coffee in the morning can make you feel.
RT : Thorgi! http://t.co/hDPPE8kF
I was in the BART and I still lol'ed for 20 minutes after reading that.
OOOOhhh, THAT's what you mean.
I'm not sure what to think about that...also, what ever happened to metal gear raiden?
I don't understand the question, but you should post it in the mylittlepony Reddit.
RT :  PONIES!
RT   Hrrmmm? Ponies?
psst, who's  ?  I can't look at their tweets =(  I'm assuming your mention is pony related, cause ponies are awesome.
Walking around embarcadero with a tent makes people stare at you...specially when you walk into one of the buildings with it.
RT : Sleep is not a waste of time; it's an excellent use of it.
Yeah, when I said sweater vest, I really meant fleece....  http://t.co/ehA5kyPB
Anyone want a CMU SCS jacket and/or sweater vest?
Twitters!  What is a 'bushel'?
shit happens, and sometimes its shittier than expected.  I'll judge Virgin on what they decide to do with you after the turmoil.
Anyone wanna go? http://t.co/vSXrdBch
If you can't draw on Windows, what CAN you do?!
Apparently the story of me drawing on my window and getting busted by security went viral at work...
Get an email from my eye doctor reminding me I should make an appointment soon, current glass frames fall apart a week later.  You win.
Walked all the way to the ATM only to find out they're closed.  THANKS WELLS FARGO!  NOW I WILL STARVE!
RT : "I'm going to have a party [...] and everyone's just going to want to make out with me" -
No one is coming to my booth, so I decided to give out free frisbees.  We'll see how it goes. http://t.co/YYRJESJR
Manager:  Manoj, you have to give a presentation today.
Me:  Let me grab my top hat and monocle.
I checked it out, seemed pretty cool, but for iphone only =(
I got schooled in the health benefits of chocolate by an ex-football player #sfdchealthfair
Wow, I can no longer finish an entire can of soda.  Not sure if I should be proud or depressed.
Guy at health fair in Salesforce told me I need to exfoliate more...and drink more water.
I have the biggest urge to run right now... #fml
http://t.co/7NgbRjHQ non-invasive surgery with ultrasound.
Nothing beats tea with pepperidge farm brussels and pocky.  http://t.co/G3RErVMn
just a small store run to get some cookies.  Couldn't do it myself since I'm temporarily crippled.  Task rabbit was perfect.
First time using  and I must say, it was pretty nice.
The website is pretty bad, and I've had trouble with it before, but, the airline is great, I urge you to try it.
Alongside some tea of course.
I have the strongest craving for chocolate in am edible snack form.
http://t.co/SWeZNRDA
Got a bunch of chicken nuggets, got no dipping sauce #fml
great way to break tension:  watch Disney movie with the kids.
It's amazing how much  healthier you feel simply by sleeping more.
really?  Man, wish I could've made it.
It's like my body knows it's Friday night and won't let me sleep because of it.
RT : Compelling article by Virgin's  on the results of drug decriminalization in Portugal: http://t.co/aJ4YXDII
Candy bar #sfdcparty http://t.co/Y7Q1CHis
Retro game room #sfdcparty http://t.co/KAMhtiAI
Creepy but cool stilt people #sfdparty http://t.co/qOB6gVOw
Ice cream bar #sfdcparty http://t.co/Y69vOahw
Barenaked Ladies up close...well, as close as I can get anyways #sfdcparty http://t.co/uuj9hUCF
Barenaked Ladies #sfdcparty http://t.co/Fb9IFHTe
Table decor #sfdcparty http://t.co/0eVoGqLM
noms http://t.co/goAAs0Cg
http://t.co/mHRZW8pc It's not a Marc Benioff party unless you have people in stilts #sfdcparty
http://t.co/6J63cGKE  waiting to order drinks #sfdcparty
http://t.co/tuwv2GDc milk shot with donuts.  #sdfcparty
http://t.co/5I4PRKlf Some random dome chill area thing #sfdcparty
http://t.co/cGiQuAK6 Acrobat hired to pour drinks at #sfdcparty
maybe....do I have to buy this now?
even worse, getting invited to things while you're in town but in a crippled state.
A little kid tried to give me a high five today.  Before I realised what was happening I had already rejected him.
RT : This is cool: Chile's Ministry of Energy has a campaign for people to not wear a tie to work this summer http://t.co/sfX835pz
RT : Puppies found to ease stress before law school finals: http://t.co/aATfR8hn http://t.co/NnorOY9j
Trent Reznor and Karen O cover the Immigrant song. http://t.co/YujqhtQq
RT : Who's ready for a party tonight? http://t.co/pqNLuS4f
Helped someone buy tickets for BART.  They were so grateful they gave me their phone number of China and demanded I call them if I ever go.
A spoonful of brandy (in tea) helps the swelling go down.
I fail at life...OTG?
classy.  Sounds like a great opportunity to post ponies.
I was going to Powell.  Thought muni would be faster since its more frequent.
Wow, muni during rush hour is the worst thing in the world.  Screw this, I'm BARTing
Buying a $4 coffee with a $100 bill.  Thanks Chris!
people would give up their seat for me back when I had crutches/cane.  Unfortunately, limping did not have the same effect.
RT : RT : I came here to kick ass and assign IPv4 addresses. And I'm all out of IPv4 addresses.
I'm serious.  Dogs are fun.
SO JEALOUS!
RT : Onward valiant steed! http://t.co/nCOuUBRM
Trying to set up internet in the new place and Comcast is already being painful.  Alternative suggestions anyone?
Sick?  BAH!  Nothing a walk around the city and some fresh air can't fix...*trip*...ok, fresh air ain't going to fix that...
RT : Baby Otter vs. Stuffed Walrus: http://t.co/gRWBrTyQ
Watching The Secrets of Nikola Tesla, saw Thomas Edison electrocute a puppy to death to show the dangers of alternating current :(
I'm gonna try to move some of my stuff today.  Help is appreciated, just call.
http://t.co/Tu46ZZLg
RT : Two Corgi Puppies, one yawning: http://t.co/ihEBVxLH
I'm not very good at being confrontational #til
hahaha, there's gonna be a lot of clubbing and crying...and also caneing.
RT : Don't mistreat your employees (causes mass exodus) and NEVER tell employees they can't do X because of process (completely d ...
RT : Critical thinking + computing power = Computational Thinking.  Teach CT #ISTE  http://t.co/ZfCzMjbc
http://t.co/RvD5MAw0
lolsy, so cute.
what do you mean by modular parts?
http://t.co/NzIHQIjH epic revelation.
my favorite!
RT : The wisdom of the awesome : http://t.co/yb68sKYV (to emulate Oren's delivery, read as fast as possible!)
So much better.
you mean pinterest helping customize your results when you search Google and the like?
SEO?
RT : This puppy is in dire need of more caffeine. http://t.co/NfDIMYkk
"You need to get stronger, and walk faster, with longer strides."
"What?"
"Faster, stronger, longer!"
"Technologic?"
"What?"
both the default Android 2.1 browser as well as Dolphin Browser (installed app).
your skydrive links never work for me.  I always get an HttpUnhandledException.
link!
http://t.co/WQKlN1A4 Sandwiches that Karen and Dave and Chris made me <3
Sandwiches are such an...inelegant food.
RT : DJ Whiskers is getting ready to drop the bass. http://t.co/wQxrBFLH
you know what's more satisfying?  Walking in the rain with a cane instead of an umbrella ^.^
blasphemy!
Falling asleep when you remember to take your meds.  After getting up to take them, no longer can sleep.  #fml
you'd have to be crazy not to!
RT : Hedgehog, wearing a strawberry for a hat. http://t.co/Zt05R5bi
RT : aw man really? Megaupload got shut down by the feds..  http://t.co/4S2VWva4
good times.
RT : Fist bump. http://t.co/zyJFlGoK
RT  Protip: Google Latitude is great for multi-car road trips! Even when [...] you're racing [...] #thegreatrace
http://t.co/lXuHoBAT line at the Costco foods #thegreatrace
It's ok, I could never attend a traditional Japanese Tea Ceremony after my first surgery either.
It appears I will never be able to attend a traditional Japanese Tea Ceremony.
RT : BREAKING: Rob Marshall to work on a film adaptation of the Broadway musical Into The Woods for The Walt Disney Studios: h ...
RT : Sorry for the brief hiatus. We hired a new intern but he was too tired from his night job to remember to post: http: ...
Just had an interesting conversation with a cab driver about how Asians seem to be the only culture that changes their names when in America
"what if she exploded...and then...she exploded again!" "can you do that?! can you explode twice?!"
RT : Facebook could reboot and we'd mess it up again http://t.co/DsonZn8y
Bahahahahahaha.
have whatever expectations you want for other people, but hold yourself to a higher standard, at least I try.
Oops, sorry, wrong link.  Actual link to aritcle:  http://t.co/AEXuGyBI
haha, yeah, I read that a few days ago.  Here's the full article:  http://t.co/T1aSJ07K
RT : This guinea pig is ready for a fiesta. http://t.co/fW9ps50t
I much prefer the Epic Pony Rap Battles of Equestria:  http://t.co/N7TNxz73
RT : Feynman on Scientific Method http://t.co/K7D6Kb1v via
lol, we'll see.
Probably had the funnest interview so far .
RT : Some programmers, when confronted with a problem, think "I know, I'll use floating point arithmetic." Now they have 1.9999 ...
Doesn't matter how conditioned you are in only sleeping on your bed, if you woke up at 1pm, you will not be falling asleep before midnight.
RT :  got the best birthday cake http://t.co/zveZ5mNK
k, meet you there.
ok, where are you going to be half an hour from now?
where art thou now?
Nothing like a cool Caltrain conductor to brighten up your day.
*caltrain, even more sigh.
Sigh, missed the captain by 2 minutes.
actually, moo looks pretty cool, I'll use them next time.  Vista Print actually messed up my order but I was too lazy to complain.
RT : Gather near children, I shall tell you the legend of King Arthur Pupdragon and the gallant mutts of the round table. ...
nope, Vista Print.
moo?
you weren't at your desk.  :(
At Salesforce today, handing out floppies.
RT : “: Why Do Some People Learn Faster? http://t.co/g0KOlaFg” Wow, all teachers should read this!
yeah, it was a cute happening, figured I'd give twitter a try at telling the story since I have no other outlet.
But if you just like walking fast like me, then I hope you enjoyed your walk =)
Goodbye fellow fast pacer, I hope you're not late to wherever it is you're going.
Once the group took a turn, we both got back into fast paced mode, but she gradually started slowing down, and I completely overtook her.
After all her failed attempts, she just gave up and joined me at the back of the group at a slow pace.
Methods such as diverting to the street and leaping them were met with new blocks from fire hydrants, trees, and cars.
It was funny seeing her trying to skip the group in front of us.
Not being in a rush, I adjusted my pace accordingly, however, my fellow fast-pacer could not stand for such bottleneck.
A group of middle aged ladies came out of Whole Foods and walked slowly in front of us, they took up the entire sidewalk.
At first we kept pretty good pace with each other, but then we hit a barrier.
Walking relatively fast towards the caltrain station, met a fellow fast paced walker.
http://t.co/lXXAyf3H didn't know it suddenly became legal to drive in the sidewalks of San Francisco.
RT :  Just doing my part. http://t.co/9KkFZQVL #fistbump
RT :  I'll have you know, every single time I look at one of your tweets, my face assumes an "Awwww!!" look --&gt; :3
Puppy Conan!  http://t.co/9nwAs3oO
I love being able to toss my laptop across my room without having to worry about it #yaysolidstatedrives
PT:  You've skipped your physical therapy exercises this entire past week?
Me:  I had things to do!
PT:  You're going to PT hell.
I guess what I meant to say was, I'm surprised you can still hear it a foursquare.
can you still hear it from foursquare?
RT : Kitten, demonstrating improper guitar technique. http://t.co/Hu4upZmX
Man, I do miss that SF siren on Tuesdays.
RT : This is a test. This is a test of the outdoor warning system. This is only a test.
RT : WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ...
Have phone interview, fire alarm goes off in building.  #fail
btw, the new mlp song is my favorite :p
RT   The pillows have been doubled!
Yi:  BAM!  Two pillows!
Woah's cheese?  Lives up to the hype.
RT : Puppy, looking good; feeling great. http://t.co/9qmAsHB0
"Smile Song" (My Little Pony : Friendship is Magic, Season 2) http://t.co/Sfd2z2W5
I loled http://t.co/Ost7SvM6 #mlp
80% of the time people use the word synergy it's for bullshit.  15% is people making jokes about synergy, and 5% is the synergy of the two.
RT : 2nite  Westbnd deck of #BayBridge clsd til 2/21. Eastbnd traffic unaffected. Pls tell ur friends in #SF BayAre ...
RT : Oh. My. God.  worthy!! http://t.co/IlF76EcT (via )
Welcome to Manoj-Lin-Eddi Co.
http://t.co/PzuVRIiN Lily @ Tagged
http://t.co/kaMxHLlC Chris @ Tagged
RT : Experts don't call themselves experts.
Didn't realise how early the Castro closes on a week night #touristguidefail
Invite friends in couples for dinner, forget it's Valentine's Night #singlesfail
RT : With  watching every Krysta Rodriguez video we can find.
I can look up again!
RT : A day may come when the courage of bunnies fails, but it is not this day! This day we fight! http://t.co/fdrpeJZn
sigh, I'm surprised that I can do that, and yet, I also stab myself with a fork.
Oh well, there's still the old fashioned way. http://t.co/MsZsJI5r
It occurs to me that I don't have a can opener....sigh.
RT : Oh god it's so true it hurts: http://t.co/zElbuc0t
Me: Is that a slide?
Google Recruiter: Yup, we like to take the slide down instead of the stairs.
sigh, this is why I can't work for a startup (right now) http://t.co/ERKnwwEo
Chiropractor: So you got you neck injury by...sleeping? And your knee injury by...walking?
Me: Yup.
C: You are a fragile boy.
Me: sigh.
OMG, Pony Bebop http://t.co/YfQPe2Sv
This is the most amazing thing ever, I just wish it was in San Francisco.  http://t.co/8Oc5unzx
Chiropractor: No desk or chairs at home? You sit on your bed for work?
Me:  Yup.
C: Ok, from now on, you go to coffee houses for work.
Omg, I wish I had holo-ponies so bad.
I'm brokenish :(
*sigh* I always seem to get injured at the worst possible times...
RT : Every office needs a tea machine. Imagine having tea on tap, at the perfect strength and temperature!
Physical Therapist:  I call this exercise "wiping the wall with you butt"
RT : I don't know what this animal is, but it appears to really love leaves. http://t.co/2ikoPMZB
I lost my favorite mug and my tea strainer.  It's like the world doesn't want me to drink tea anymore.  sigh
Time to find something new to do I suppose.
Well, that's that.  Onwards!
RT : Dress Pant Sweatpants http://t.co/ej07hSv9
not yet...oh wells, I guess I'll keep waiting.
Yup when I try to register I go through the whole process and after the final submit it fails cause my account is "unverified"
RT : Shit Programmers Say: http://t.co/G6gETngo
Like a *.cc domain.
do you know how I can "verify" my account at Moniker so that I can register "premium" tlds?
RT : Puppy, causing mischief. http://t.co/ocUVN7XC
Hey  , how do I verify my moniker account so that I can register 'premium' tlds?
RT : I hate reading other people's code: http://t.co/vSwu5wkB
RT : Puppy, yawning. http://t.co/VrDt1vSr
Yay, done moving!
The most productive I'll ever be:  http://t.co/I8pw6bSa
My experience:  oh, Le Git looks pretty cool, let me try to install it. "$&gt; bash command pip not found." Fuck it.
Ooh, Giselle!  We shall be married in the morning!
Tea, cookies, coding, and Enchanted.  http://t.co/jzHqu60a
RT  Happy monday, carpe catulus! http://t.co/bj6X1QpJ
Well, I wasn't sure whether I would actually do work or not, but looks like I did, so now it's a yes definitely =D
First day of new job! Well, kinda maybe...
Sigh, my apartment is always so cold at night.
Ha, they do get a lot of my money.  More than any other single merchant probably.
Bumming around the house too much? Nothing like Philz Coffee to get you out of the house.
Hmm?
so jelly.
I'm not an entrepreneur, but I agree with everything in this article RT  Why Entrepreneurs Should NOT Buy Homes http://t.co/SbzGcnaN
RT : 'A Test You Need to Fail': A Teacher's Open Letter to Her 8th Grade Students http://t.co/PdvzgIXv
By the way, yesterday was national puppy day...and I did not see a single puppy #fail
RT : story of my computer science education: http://t.co/SPOPOKaY (via )
RT  If http://t.co/pqYaq4i2 gets over 9000 players I will have a livestream event where I get drunk on cam.
Sorries, but we can always hang out when you come back to SF :p
Sigh, I don't think I'll be going to carnival this year, sorry guys.
Verizon:  trollolololololol, phone won't be in until Friday, ksrybye.
If I don't get it tomorrow, I'm going to go to Verizon and ask them what's up.
Still no phone, sigh.
Phone is dead until Tuesday, expect to be ignored.
I love the wets. I am soaked =D
RT  Polar bear, attempting a nap, accosted by rambunctious youth. http://t.co/7Qo4wbof
Good leg? Sprained ankle.  Bad leg? Sore knee.  Overall, pretty good night :-)
RT  Corgi puppy in a swing! Corgi puppy in a swing! http://t.co/xrKUBpZj
lolsy http://t.co/4fTK70Ex
RT  Everybody hug it out! http://t.co/HTfkpLT7
RT  First world developer problems. http://t.co/HUxLUF9l
RT : TED-Ed, Fascinating New Animated Lecture Series by TED http://t.co/Tltgw57T
RT : Khan Academy - wish i had this growing up. "if this does not blow your mind.. you have no emotion" http://t.co/53DwMAcx
http://t.co/6NdaF4BI tea time.
RT  Poster puppy for an ad campaign for coffee for dogs? http://t.co/dTyUpI8G
RT  Mo Puppy Few Problems. http://t.co/D4E8EypF
xmarks will sync your bookmarks across all browsers.
RT : Why I Pirate - An Open Letter To Content Creators http://t.co/AqCv3bxR
RT  Puppy sitting in a field of flowers, contemplating the wonders of nature. http://t.co/5vF5gQAZ
RT  3 days of San Francisco left. Let's stop the networking and just group hug, okay?
So the Samsung Galaxy Nexus has been dropping a lot of my calls, even after changing the sim card.  Sigh...
For the first time in three weeks I get to sleep in.  So happy.
If a company you applied to invites you for drinks, always make sure you eat lunch and dinner before hand.
I avoid carbonated drinks in general, the feeling of bubbles in my tummy is just wrong.
Every time I find a Pinterest clone, I spend at least 20 minutes looking at their public posts and pin all the things in Pinterest.
http://t.co/YTYjxI85 spilt milk.
RT  I seem to be having some trouble with my computer today, it's apparently cat now. http://t.co/LozqAn3K
RT : Nobody Wants to Learn How to Program... http://t.co/4RBXouhB
RT  Happy Platypus Day you say.... Blah blah blah I say!  #PlatypusDay
Got a new phone - Samsung galaxy nexus.  Tips on things to do/install in it?
Ponies The Anthology:  http://t.co/yP6nfkik  Worth watching if you have a half hour to kill.
My favorite lighter broke  :-(
OH three: make her open the box.  And that's the way you do it.
OH two: put your junk in that box.
OH one: cut a hole in the box
OH all of life can be solved in three steps.
Well, I've done as much unpacking as I can do without having furniture to put things on...time to go to IKEA.
Google, why must you always create a competing product rather than provide open integration with third party applications?
I got upset because I got hungry and I had just eaten.  Then I realized that 5 hours had past since then.
sounds like a plan
yes, definitely!
either should be fine, I'm free all day.  , wanna join?
Hmm, how about tomorrow?
yesterday night!
Was thinking of taking the cable car home, then saw the ridiculous line of tourists waiting for it.  Walking for the win.
omg, let's go.
lol, I only noticed it after my forth watching  :-P
speaking of Dashy shippings, did you see the scene in the latest episode where she gives Fluttershy a kiss? So cute ^.^
RT  This blog is great :D "Humans of New York" http://t.co/O5pk52IR
I learned by trying random moves to the beat of the music and by having friends tell me when I looked too ridiculous.
I don't blame them though, music kinda sucks.
Clubbers in NYC don't know how to dance.
Ah, I see.  Yeah, Picasa through wine is probably your best bet.
Picasa's web interface? Or Google plus photos.  I use the latter with mostly private albums.
I love rotary dial phones RT  Rotobooth, A Rotary Phone Photobooth http://t.co/RYtSw0w1
RT  "Honey, don't you think we have enough?"

"No, bring me ALL the ducklings. I have an idea." http://t.co/Ofc1b2LE
RT : . schooling the rest of the internet on how to protest #CISPA http://t.co/NonO5iWn #pilesofunignorablemail
RT  Wolf Puppy Wednesday! http://t.co/iJe0q0Tc
Solid Sparkle with active camo, http://t.co/4tmoeiTv
RT  Cats Planning Their Escape http://t.co/YV6Dx0PE
RT  I enjoy places that make me think I'm living in the treetops. http://t.co/SRtCQumc
http://t.co/JZ4vp47N http://t.co/L2EZ11VJ http://t.co/8IkhrJIA http://t.co/E8AoeoxZ
That is a tiny twilight sparkle.  For general purpose emoticons, I like to use the reddit ones.
True, but neither of us will have Philz coffee =(
once I get back, still a while though :-(
RT  LARGE ICED MINT MOJITO PHILZ ICED COFFEE
RT  CMU folks will appreciate http://t.co/OMBBu6Gk
Three lanes into one.  Not as bad as doc to one in Newark, but still pretty bad...
Sometimes I feel that bands add sirens to their songs for the sole purpose of freaking people out while driving.
I see, good to know that it will be over after exit 8...
Was making great time from Delaware until exit 7 on the NJ turnpike when I hit stop go traffic.  Did something happen up ahead?
RT  [...] What happens to 3 out of 4 girls after leafing through a mag? http://t.co/cv7RxBgT
is it open source? You should fix it  :-P
Google sent me an email that got sent to spam because according to gmail, it was too similar to known spam emails.
fails on mobile.  Fix plzkthnx
I hope it's not too bad, were you not able to take the bus or trolley?
congrats, how long till you leave to San Francisco?
quitter?
Homer was in the middle of begging for food when I called his name, so he turned around to look at me.   http://t.co/Lb2xc9lZ
RT  I'm working on a screenplay: Doctor Who becomes a kitten, fights adorable daleks. #bowtie http://t.co/9lESPwj3
I recall some parts were missing in the building process  :-P
why thank you kindly.  It all happened this month  :-P
Photo: I was waiting at Starbucks for Lee to show up, so I decided to put on a sketch. I really wanted to... http://t.co/XGe84soX
You better have taken his number.  I can only imagine the ridiculosity of two Manoj's on the same bar AT THE SAME TIME!
pics or it didn't happen.
lol, thanks, it's just a five minute sketch, could be better, but glad you appreciate  =D
Photo: Sketch-a-day #2, Homer, my ten year old puppy, laying down in what I can only imagine is the most... http://t.co/dDKsb5Jw
Photoset: I’m starting a sketch-a-day journal. It’s only been like four days and I already fell off the... http://t.co/qK7jHY1v
Photos from instagram are not auto uploaded to Google plus  :-(
first time? Really? And how long have you been in Pittsburgh for?
I want to hear more of this story at some point.
*shudder* glad I could skip that  :-P
The Closest Shave - Every now and then, I like to go to a barber to remind myself what a good old fashion... http://t.co/xSfLhpbh
Walking Fast, Going Nowhere - Walking relatively fast towards the caltrain station, met a fellow fast paced... http://t.co/X9wCe08K
:p
EVERY RESTAURANT!  For some reason people seem to think that artichokes taste best pickled and covered in vinegar, ugh.
usually when I get artichokes in restaurants it's always the pickled crap that comes in a jar.
This is what artichokes are supposed to look like, none of this canned pickled stuff.  http://t.co/7l2bmre7
there, I fixed it:  http://t.co/HLKFj52l
Another story, I'll save you all the tens of 140 character tweets and just link you to the gplus post:  https://t.co/Z2pVfo5F
I'm in NYC and free until 5 pm.  If anyone wants to hang out, just give me a call.
always delicious =D
Obligatory airport parfait http://t.co/oBfwfuXY
I demand you get a step latter!
Can't help but laugh when thinking of a three way group slap.
I will keep that in mind, only if you do the same to me.
RT  Puppies, on a slide. http://t.co/H1ZjBOqN
I just had the most amazing shower of my life <3 new place.
http://t.co/b2ZEkEsR
Photo: http://t.co/I00rYU5N
RT  You've had a hard week. Take a break, relax, have a beer. http://t.co/zRHT8Ea1
Finally, fully unpacked.
I lost my business card case =(
Apparently, I get sunburned on my head, which makes me look like I have really bad dandruff.... #hatsftw
Best way to get out of bed:  http://t.co/UFXg4b4c
I did, it was still hard though :p
I have health insurance again!
I should've, the rest was hard.
At the DMV, they were about to process my form, and the "system went down".  All DMV employees are now taking a mandatory break.
Coworker is eating potato chips with chop sticks.  Giving brilliant.
RT : Artistic Experiments in Depressed Programs. https://t.co/yDqTRJdC
RT  OH: Are you the garbage collector, because you stop the world when you walk by #badjavascriptpickuplines
RT  STANDOFF (update): pic of police taking aim as gunman barricades inside on Post near Hyde http://t.co/de8Ollh0
RT  Fox, failing to chase its own tail, succeeding in other endeavors. http://t.co/kDqcWk4T
looks good to me!
color scheme?!
True that.  Looks like I will just have to face awkward high fives for a while!
as much as I love hugs, I still don't feel comfortable hugging people at work. I only started hugging Salesforceians after I quit.
Never ask me for a high five, you'll just make the situation awkward for both of us.
RT  Having a bad day? Maybe try hugging a potato? Definitely seems to be working for this kitten. http://t.co/qjpNvGC8
Pandora playing "I don't like Mondays" on a Tuesday.  So close!
haha, so startups are like airlines that are like OSs then :p
Photo: Tried to get a sketch in during Edwin’s birthday bash in Tahoe. We did a wine tasting, so I started... http://t.co/hLXPRVQX
I have the same problem, I think it comes from being from CMU.
http://t.co/ib6bGvOm my new boss.  Very provocative.
sharing*
self control means starting with friends =D
http://t.co/MES6LonH chair completed, didn't even need to use all the parts.
First job assignment: build your own chair.
Moovweb =D
First day of work, here we go!
For the first time since Friday morning, I'll be sleeping for more than an hour.  Night night!
From the spa. http://t.co/rfkOXO0C
cause why wouldn't you?
My view on my walk to work. http://t.co/FoT9wBQY
poopin
Haha, that is the golden standard after all.
Just posted a photo http://t.co/qMKyNezK
So I take it you've started your new venture.  How did the home destruction projects go?
hahaha, I'm actually pretty surprised that they let you have cchen!  And you were all pessimistic about that.  Look at you now!
hah, though it reminds me more of a Norton trial than anything else :p
Our trial kitten:  http://t.co/HwtfKPeP
Photo: http://t.co/oa2A6kUp
Yeah, you should come visit and check it out yourself.
Just posted a photo http://t.co/1Ua8d6yD
Finding new ways to go home, walked through a park and had a 20 minute conversation with strangers about dogs.
Just posted a photo http://t.co/nPKmpt0B
Photo: http://t.co/datBSS83
but it has its own light attachment! You expect me to carry a separate light everywhere I go?
http://t.co/iC5KVhHk in the parking lot!
almost there!
On our way to EDC, still in traffic  :-(
http://t.co/CJEIlPet obligatory airport parfait.
Photo: http://t.co/pIUGoIAo
. , this makes me sad:  "Your password can't be longer than 16 characters."
Luci's concerto. http://t.co/78h8he2d
Obligatory travel fruit parfait. http://t.co/zTHOTjK8
Photo: Went to Angel Island for a company trip. One of my co-workers brought his 3 year old daughter. I... http://t.co/J3LeG1Ql
Mozcato Mondays @ Moovweb http://t.co/tiqVLEMa
I Hate Umbrellas - I hate umbrellas. Why do I hate them? Well, they don’t shield you from rain coming in... http://t.co/0B4eo4IV
http://t.co/c9q0i2UI
It is!
My company made hacker news! http://t.co/7cYqbFGQ
RT : OH: "I feel like a penny in a fountain" "But you could be the one to make the wish come true" /cc
View at the top of Jones. http://t.co/A3iVbN91
Karen the Strawberry Shortcake http://t.co/LJlFJFkr
Larry ding push ups with Molly on top, freakin baller. http://t.co/x3dvXnO5
Bifocals http://t.co/hTgtLY5V
Dave with ears. http://t.co/Lm4ayY5f
Jpop http://t.co/EAI1qBYY
Molly and Larry at the Jpop Summit http://t.co/lPNTLMxR
Karen in her Cheshire Cat costume for Beyond Wonderland. http://t.co/t10ZeCjk
Me and Molly have been wanting to put up some paintings on our walls, so I recently bought a watercolor set a… http://t.co/mRe8crcB
Got a watercolor set, tried out jelly fish as my first go.  Kind of meh, but learned a lot about watercolors http://t.co/YkkP62JT
Derek and his niece. http://t.co/kHUlxuDr
Me and Karen made these guys by stabbing wool together.  The dragon took me five hours and lots of self stab http://t.co/aaL6Y1c4
Emily at Dolores park. http://t.co/6uOQqiDu
Double fisting bros. http://t.co/B943OHOP
I used to get these in Chile all the time when I was little. http://t.co/TO1oc5in
Who is that drink guy?   ?  http://t.co/QrYZCg9f
Let's Build a Goddamn Tesla Museum on  http://t.co/IAdlZliQ
Yay, pocket watches are fixed.
let me know next time you're free.  I should be able to make most days.
http://t.co/ArvP7huX
For all you kids that went to Berkeley.  http://t.co/TF72wHsJ
Even better planning:   scheduled the lunch right before a very important meeting.  We ate for 20 minutes and had to bounce :p
. I'm at your office, noming your foods.
Also, this is why you shouldn't make your phone number private :p
Stephanie and Anjesh would also be coming.  Do you need us to come now?
Boss:  You on acid would probably get just as much work done at your desk.
I love Dropbox because it's a simple solution to a big problem; https://t.co/emZxLT00 <3 dropbox http://t.co/TITU3BgH
http://t.co/PeHb68h6
don't worry, we'll always have Moscato Mondays.
You never realize how strong pisco really is until you drink it in the middle of the afternoon.
I used all three of my laptops simultaneously today for work while watching Pulp Fiction.  Badass or sad?
Pretty neat. http://t.co/G4W3ARUu
San Francisco's fog. http://t.co/Tt1qANzY
OH: whatever rings your bell, Cake.
OH: I totally succeeded in failing tonight.
Hampton's birthday look. http://t.co/jsXfnya5
Sean and Matt drinking a siracha based drink. http://t.co/fS39XN8l
This tumblr is surprisingly appealing to me.  http://t.co/rxc7yQYJ
Note to self:  Never join the Turkish Fire Department.  http://t.co/jd8fRJUY
We saw this beautiful sunset on the cruise, the horizon was flooded with really thick gray clouds, and you co… http://t.co/L4d1Cd4y
Just swam with dolphins, so I drew one! But, I didn't like the way it turned out.  I didn't want to erase it,… http://t.co/J5P91mJ6
I'm not sure what I was doing here. I started off with a giant ball, and thought it would be funny to draw a … http://t.co/4Mj9vQSk
Raining Rainbow http://t.co/325mjHld
Obligatory travel parfait, coming back home. http://t.co/yPjsCFSR
Mandatory travel parfait number two: LA to Mexico. http://t.co/0pCrpjlc
Mexican riviera!
Mandatory travel parfait, unfortunately not from pink berry. http://t.co/2dBsFLJP
Actual port serving size.   http://t.co/aRQikCBY
The Yau family. http://t.co/dDV6yp2O
Welcome home parfait. http://t.co/ofhmAyi7
obviously!
There are literary zero cars on the streets at 4 am Christmas morning. It's actually kind of sublime.
Uncle  is the life of the party. http://t.co/YBqURg8m
juggling baby brothers. http://t.co/2DbPg7OP
Party hard. http://t.co/4EVzNdEc
Kacey taking pictures of food. http://t.co/oug4IyN8
Literary a white Christmas. http://t.co/jJFWtH0y
Even when young, I always kept it classy.  Bow ties ftw http://t.co/zdLDCORd
Good to be home, Homer agrees. http://t.co/9Qt2uNZh
Obligatory travel parfait: Winter 2012 NYC edition. http://t.co/vLfO3HiS
feel free! I love talking about it.  It has quickly become my favorite language =)
Oh my, if interested, I could not stop talking about Go. It's the main language we use . Lemme know if you are
Obligatory travel parfait; coming back to SF. http://t.co/8f6rcjJn
Books in the fridge. http://t.co/Wy9xGfnJ
Obligatory travel parfait:  Denver edition. http://t.co/1oNjbAmV
I am unfortunately not in the condition to do much today.  Have fun!
Obligatory travel parfait, back to SF...I was a little too eager with this one. http://t.co/sBVJr8KO
Obligatory travel parfait; Vegas http://t.co/mRCzd2e2
Not sure if it's visible, but there's a trail of antes going from the root all the way up to the top. http://t.co/WYq5V1PQ
RT : OH MY GOD CUTEST EVER https://t.co/wRjItKot (via , cc )
just the master sauces,  is the real sauce master!
Chocolate cake with salted caramel ice cream and 20 year vintage Grahm's port. http://t.co/fryEE8JYZs
Lifetime achievement goals, Karen cooking! http://t.co/jylraHzYKI
Hipster  http://t.co/Dfrosr3FA9
Hipster  http://t.co/Dfrosr3FA9
Working at the office during a national holiday = blasting and singing along to music all day.  I now have a sore throat.
's take on 's harlem shake bookmarklet: http://t.co/kzaZAGJj
lol, wish I could just "noj" but that one is taken by a guy that's WAY more active than I am :p
Work lunch time during the holidays. http://t.co/ghSCFDnF
RT : What would Reddit look like if it was designed in 1997? A little like this… http://t.co/nOrGhRc3 Hilarious 'd site  ...
Someone thought it would be a good idea to update my twitter handle to something more memorable.  Sooo, there ya go.
yar.
RT : Dear Internets, Happy Valentine’s Day http://t.co/23Tr68aQ Behold, the Harlem Shake Bookmarklet lets you Harlem Shake an ...
I burn for you! http://t.co/QrIR8v7L
Trivia night at Rosamunde, team name: Please bus your own table. http://t.co/QROGWbVV
http://t.co/ZAPlWXIY
RT : Isahai and  play transformers at  http://t.co/QYQq7o6h
Rebecca sporting the Charlie Chapman! http://t.co/R8xmPsvS
RT :  thanks for being my 100th. this means so much to me.
Thursday evenings moovweb http://t.co/kAekHz8S
Full band drum solo #heyocean! http://t.co/HDhtetMs
Looking for new love #heyocean! http://t.co/QRTqjJcz
Starting up!  #heyocean! http://t.co/1clYedK0
Setting up for Hey Ocean! http://t.co/yk1Czf6Y
Game night http://t.co/7fAsEoQq
Next platform movie!
Just posted a photo http://t.co/zYckj64BcF
It is!  I wrote a review here: http://t.co/k47MnEZ5KK Feel free to PM me if you want to talk about it in more detail.
Today , I got called a child and confused to be a 30 year old by my coworkers.
Spoiler on a station wagon, classic. http://t.co/OU17QNMQWZ
My review of Go (programming language). http://t.co/k47MnEZ5KK
My company started serving Philz coffee! http://t.co/v6za3gaLf0
golang docs for strings package has non-existent functions:  http://t.co/eJYsbyMELj and http://t.co/zja45vKo6H don't work anymore.
There's not that many things I love doing in the peak of the night, but walking in the middle of the… http://t.co/RXn8zUfhal
Mike hat! http://t.co/o04hV0HtB2
Hippie Molly http://t.co/UmmhiLA947
Fancy Friday Karen http://t.co/aQvJoa9DUr
Gabe curses those who don't attend his farewell party! http://t.co/k16WIXKk1S
Had my first raw cacao bean! http://t.co/yXMoY47KJP
Taking the trolley to work today. Surprisingly, it's faster than the bus.
Leftover Mission Chinese pizza. http://t.co/mhVTEQ4cm0
So tall! http://t.co/hOKmtxU9J5
So fluffy I want to die http://t.co/ENUwjkJwFt
Just posted a photo http://t.co/oXONqpTjPF
Just posted a photo http://t.co/OqVbwSscya
Heart attack http://t.co/DyiO8raswN
Just posted a photo http://t.co/jIm1uxUm1a
Just posted a photo http://t.co/qI28ga50Ks
Just posted a photo http://t.co/Ir6SicLyLz
Just posted a photo http://t.co/sBUEjH4gr3
Just posted a photo http://t.co/o71Wefilmi
Just posted a photo http://t.co/iu5DjnRP77
Just posted a photo http://t.co/t7HdIlPfOw
Busy bee dogs show. http://t.co/XlXptoN36q
Howling hound http://t.co/O90caqElpX
Corgi party! http://t.co/v9Hqu4uIkK
Just posted a photo http://t.co/EDecfP4ByC
Just posted a photo http://t.co/M1QZaEAWt1
St Bernard! http://t.co/FeTLcbK6lZ
Cappuccino and grilled cheese for breakfast at work. http://t.co/aPozwPh4Gu
I've already thought of at least 5 different ways to get up there ;p
I want to go up there. http://t.co/HTLpS8b3Kd
Things that are hard to do without your right thumb:  using your phone, button shirts, ties, shoe laces, space bar. http://t.co/U1d6UBT5SY
Dancing gophers on one of the Go talks. http://t.co/vdB3P03nYG
Only in an engineering conference will the lines for bathrooms swap. http://t.co/d4WFlsEV6h
I try ;)
lol, I just got the email notification for it today :p
^.^
New office pet! http://t.co/bvZgpcLTOF
Respectable hole dug by me and Sean at Santa Cruz beach. http://t.co/hpozimtqgl
Small snack inspired by my friends at Cheese Plus. http://t.co/3sUCx9e8oc
The proudest of sugar cubes! http://t.co/Ji5WZtWiTS
New office pet, Maxine! Me and Zhyliana build a home from Smirnoff Ice and oatmeal.  Not sure what… http://t.co/tIIAG6VxEg
More secret notes left at my desk, this time while I was at yoga &gt;.&gt; http://t.co/7wQDsdwHsF
Our company just launched http://t.co/sB7JdplqQm and I got a little crazy with the Hello Kitty duct tape. http://t.co/uIBZrfnJlf
OH: So it's between herpes and Jesus then.
OH "I have a very butter face."
Photo: Molly took over again with a really beautiful sketch of a shepherd girl.  As you can tell, her... http://t.co/kdOwEdTDXh
Photo: So I got a Sketch Doodle kit from Yvonne which comes with a bunch of sketch doodle ideas.  The first... http://t.co/0dLvNCu6Dp
http://t.co/ahbKpVzT7f
Twin Lakes Beach at Santa Cruz!
Phil and the moon. http://t.co/umyRGquIJd
Got an Oscar Award at work today as well as a glass cola bottle which I promptly used for my flower. http://t.co/sc0fHlsyH7
damn, that looks like an epic stage!
I am Imperfect, and that's Not ok. - We’re all imperfect.  That is not a surprise.  It’s something you hear... http://t.co/d2Ic1KoOAE
Photo: Molly stole my sketchbook and drew her own little entry of a fairy.  As you can see, her drawing... http://t.co/mhpgchAirp
oh snap, I would check it out, but I have a going away party to attend to =/  Let me know how it is if you go!
Someone left me a note.  Hello stranger! http://t.co/c4p8zKV0kY
Joanna! http://t.co/VOC5QQXjIM
Mike, bringing in the good stuff http://t.co/rBwh4ARpFD
Tim, always the classiest at any party. http://t.co/zrIfCFs27s
New mouse at work so I don't have kill my wrists. http://t.co/5TxF4JBS5c
Life at Moovweb http://t.co/JTtTMX55sB via
Heh, thanks!
Impromptu visit to Salesforce http://t.co/ROXUf7wrh2
Finally! Andes Mints at work <3 http://t.co/PpzfmnJzPC
My favorite part of walking to work. http://t.co/sXdWlfcRYn
Happy birthday Phil! http://t.co/dTsdUXr9fI
<3 Go http://t.co/JZ74xzV4IY
Nick is not a tourist http://t.co/zh5miOPFmk
Parfait and Moka Latte at Nespresso http://t.co/qQuitiN6Af
Someone at tuttimelon got a Fluttershy ^.^ http://t.co/S6QvDyqUPm
More secret notes! Yay! http://t.co/ApzIOKZ23J
Something I haven't done in a while which I didn't realize I missed: sit at home on a cold day bundled up in clothes and a hot cup of tea <3
Photo: Me and Molly went to Dandelion Chocolate today.  The place has some pretty cool and intricate... http://t.co/9sBq57GMlb
Photo: I’m not sure what happened here.  This is one of those drawings where I just tried drawing stuff out... http://t.co/4HEWKziMn4
Daiquiri Fridays moovweb http://t.co/Tta5iN6LaD
My favorite tree has been trimmed! Today is a sad day. http://t.co/uUsthGkc7m
Sanrio sent us some swag, I promptly hung a Hello Kitty decal on my wall. http://t.co/kEpUcp20aR
Moovweb and mobile SEO http://t.co/Sma234Yrcd via
me: You're gonna feel like shit.
: Story of my life.
Photo: sftruestoryproject: Transcription: "I hadn’t been to a 7-11 for the longest time, and as I passed by... http://t.co/6p1xfRfGpx
Hari getting down. http://t.co/t2QBsC5Lic
24th street between Fair Oaks and Guerrero. http://t.co/QtbKmX4YTa
Manual wind effect http://t.co/KLlMU3BKkX
Wedding ceremony! http://t.co/MCDS0BToV2
Yup yup, feel free to PM for more details.  In linux you'd want LD_LIBRARY_PATH, and in Windows it's just PATH.
More notes! http://t.co/f2Q7HzYd3S
it's nothing fancy, the key is to have wrapper scripts to set up DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH for you (and the equivalent)
I've been looking for a Python equivalent of rvm and found this, thought you'd find it interesting as well: https://t.co/uYhYavY0A8
Puppy-capable. http://t.co/YPkmE3kqwM
Dandelion Chocolate is now my new favorite. http://t.co/XlvlcDojAu
Late, but still obligatory travel parfait, LA edition. http://t.co/2oQrSmdZRa
Eat dessert first, life is too uncertain. http://t.co/4lNnQMkgDy
Rocking it. http://t.co/gybqHXoaun
Just posted a photo http://t.co/UkadNtZD7j
First time driving through the coastal highway with Phil. http://t.co/AN1Xt3KPkZ
Welcome lunch for David Green! http://t.co/Zxo4MJ7X33
The impending San Francisco fog of doom hovering over the Richmond, ready to make it's way downtown by… http://t.co/nUy1bF5Fz8
very timely :p
Foster kittens! http://t.co/Q71QdwHRAC
Latin America Club with Brian and Aaron. http://t.co/GJ37HER1YF
Happy birthday to Sean http://t.co/LTBmsjb1L1
yes I did! Had to go to work though :(
Totally serious conversation at work: "should we do 100 jiggles?"  "Hmm, prolly better to do 1000." "yeah, let's do a 1000 jiggles."
you can ask  on how to find out ;)
I <3 lying.
Babies in concerts.  Adorable. http://t.co/hIDkFrj8pT
I'm home. http://t.co/N7F36PKbEJ
Photo: Today was the first day of Outside Lands.  Between all the stages, there was this one section in the... http://t.co/gwql69QsPi
Photo: My company came up with this new marketing term called a t.Engine.  The current logo is still a work... http://t.co/wKEDRllcUK
Photo: Was waiting in the doctor’s office so I decided to put up a sketch.  Supposed to be a person sitting... http://t.co/XhLq2NuDgi
omg, that is so adorable :3
assault with the deadliest weapon of all: devil red lips.
Random girl kissed my head on my way back to the office for the sake of a scavenger hunt. Oh, San Francisco.
I have no idea what's going on with my coffee, but it looks awesome. http://t.co/z3RsAu69dB
When you can't help but dance in the bathroom while brushing your teeth cause the song on the radio is that good ^.^
I quickly jumped out of bed but by the time I got dressed, it had stopped...
I woke up this morning to the beautiful sound of raindrops hitting my window.
Kittens playing around Phil's butt ^.^ http://t.co/s2WAmajvXP
Bowser trying to nap on my lappy toppy. http://t.co/UU9yttZXjd
First time a kitten walks over my keyboard. Result: iTunes launched and one of my chrome tabs closed. Disaster level: minimum #fosterkittens
This one was probably the saddest from the bunch.
Work email thread with depressing thai commercials = noj crying in the middle of work:  http://t.co/VOb1S1AHX1
RT : Wow! The worthiness of questions versus answers, lovingly considered. http://t.co/WHh0YH1cae via
Phil playing with Sapphire. http://t.co/uXgTNn4PsV
RT : If your boss won't let you write everything in Go, stop.
RT : #Moovweb new benefits: haircut @ Moovweb http://t.co/QntUl1hLBG
This made me sad... https://t.co/7kEmzw46gF (via  )
she's so adorable, passed out while fighting with my hand ^.^
Bowser asleep on my lap. http://t.co/B7kgstnIYB
immigrant.
RT : Today I was asked what type of engineer I consider myself to be; cowboy, rock star, or ninja.

My reply: "I'm a fairy prin…
Back to the future! http://t.co/BjMexVhaNB
Best plates http://t.co/T9isr2ldBV
"What are suite jackets other than just shoulder pants" -
This is what happens when reviewing binary search trees at night with picnic_lightning http://t.co/rFkadm6tCb
When you're so sleep deprived that everything seems hilarious and you can't stop laughing. ~~
Finally finished decking out the new desk ^.^ http://t.co/8f0deZcgmC
I am in no way involved in this conversation but glad I could be made aware of it ^.^
me: sadface
: My face is not sad.  It is defiant and determined.
<3
Roomies unite and work from home to...work from home! http://t.co/h4oXCDZBIB
Pre-Halloween test drive for mollysaur and Larry http://t.co/qG9CRvcIDX
omg, that's exactly what it is!
Got ingredients to make mojitos, but forgot the club soda.  Decided to improvise and use coke to sub… http://t.co/ZLiFo9ZB2s
Bowser, I miss you <3 http://t.co/xsdX5rSjwY
Good moon tonight, take advantage of it.
While dressing up to go out tonight, : "You look really normal!"
Video: citybythebaylife: Poetry of San Francisco http://t.co/w8ppLOkLTO
New favorite song, via  http://t.co/XRl2h3Lgxe
Canceled all the things, spending the day drinking tea and writing instead.  It's been too long. @… http://t.co/ZclWk2Imkq
OH : "I live by the philosophy, work easy, play easy."
omg that's probably two of my most favorite things on this world ^.^
First time home before midnight this week.  Greeted with dinner and wine from  <3
=(
Me: gonna be late, contention on the shower this morning.
: batch all the things!
I see this every day on my way to work, but for some reason, today it seemed extra special. http://t.co/fAi6bPZTHF
Working outside today. http://t.co/aoa7OmqbYG
Affogato from Harmony cafe ^.^ @ Harmony, CA http://t.co/fKLyK0BEhD
Celebrating their one year anniversary in Harmony @ Harmony, CA http://t.co/Y07I6IgWhG
Heard about this town on the way back from camping, me and trisha decided to stop by.  Most adorable… http://t.co/6aox5G6MJA
Ride back from camping. http://t.co/jhw09Etl96
Walking home through some massive winds, letting them push me every which way...smells like autumn.
http://t.co/d5Y17ZI6HS  featured in  for their Vietnamese Iced Coffee, my fav <3
"We never take pictures together." http://t.co/WF6pDkzjXv
Grape juice...made out of wine grapes <3 http://t.co/sYi1IS5u7S
Easiest way to make me anti-social: give me a fire.
Fire <3 http://t.co/hAgdONrQoJ
Blame  #blamemat
Love this idea...every kid needs to learn the fundamentals of programming as soon as possible. http://t.co/t3pNJy6j9B via
How do you know when you're done rewriting a post?  if you hate yourself so much that you cant continue, you know you're done
While merging code : "I'm gonna go home and have a bubble bath with razor blades."
omg! That sounds awesome! Can't wait for the housewarming!
.  playing doctor. http://t.co/UqM1mF6QFp
First breadth with new nose:  Snotty and bloody.
. : we would always talk about your nose behind your back.  and how it had that thing, or lack of thing.
http://t.co/XZwfbY7gUm
OH : I take gummy vitamins seriously.
A little late, but finally got around to sharing my this year's Halloween experience. http://t.co/2NmlshOPNl
Still alive!
RT : The whole  engineering team is watching rocky horror! http://t.co/YLlFJcHqtE
If anyone was wondering how much paperwork is involved in having three surgeries...it is roughly 5… http://t.co/xgKI8dttAD
I Found a Cow - Should I keep it? http://t.co/ZpIC02HXn6
Autumn on New Years <3 http://t.co/veKF0xRdse
Just posted a photo http://t.co/7RtrwYNFTP
Dragoncon at David's Tea http://t.co/OPYa2GUntF
I'm gonna take these micro-writing courses in Jan/Feb taught by Tatyana, anyone interested in joining me? http://t.co/AEyjQdS0iE
Just posted a photo http://t.co/IVAxmNue9q
I feel GREAT!
false alarm, it was more like 6.  Still pretty good!
I slept over 8 hours last night!
The awkward moment when you bump into a couple making out.  #textingwhilewalking
#blamemat
So adorbs! http://t.co/YsuB5Ozg2V
Just posted a photo http://t.co/5ROGUw3YZA
RT : "I think you're in the wrong apartment" "No, I don't think I am". Ok, random girl using our bathroom, that's cool.
If you're going to stay late at work, at least have a dancing kitty with you. https://t.co/whYuc9xdqw
Thank you Chris and Netflix for letting me pretend I have a fireplace on this cold winter day. http://t.co/IeewJQgB5m
Made hot chocolate starting with raw cocoa beans, a coffee grinder, and an ice cream scooper. http://t.co/nOEfr3d62y
My co-worker  was looking for affordable awesome dresses and I thought I'd point her your way ^.^
glad you enjoyed it ^.^
My first technical blog post.  Let's see how much of the internet I can anger. http://t.co/YzAa8NuWqD
Hanging out with Tigger ^.^ http://t.co/NKu4Wmv938
Sass Pro Tips with : https://t.co/2XbBR47lHQ
Found this in the Sanrio store in the mall. http://t.co/4bGelUbqrc
You don't wear a jacket because it's cold, you wear a jacket because it's stylish and for the extra pockets -
First time I've ever seen a bottle of this on sale, I had to grab it. http://t.co/FIo5neCDyV
For the first time since I've moved to San Francisco, I was forced to wear my winter coat yesterday.  I feel like an old man =(
RT : Go 1.2 is released http://t.co/wySKUmtWCk #golang
Every time I stay late at work I feel like I'm gonna take a cab back home, but stepping out into the brisk night always changes my mind.
Give a pen and paper to Phil and talk about math.  Behold the result. http://t.co/ojFbfXP7Sv
OH: "ass to grass is the new crossfit" - Maya
consulting with twitter friends right now.  Viva la !
Oh my, it looks like  is trying to take down the  http://t.co/xxWj4oCKzK
done, I could've sworn I did that.  Still have a lot of work to do: https://t.co/wiaCP9oCfb
I think the regular widget feed is limitless, but the API calls used to post to the  twitter account are limited
Oh my, you're gonna exhaust my twitter API limits :p
dooo it!
Bus driver: Next stop is Montgomery and omg! Starbucks is closed! You guys will just have to quit coffee. It's ok, it's not a good habit.
Presents from Justin and Jessica respectively <3 http://t.co/2h9CtfKjOn
This is what happens when you let matahwoosh near your desk. http://t.co/KqPu9Hgpij
The moment when you realize the reason why you feel so shitty is because you have yet to eat anything today.  Self-awareness ftw
Secret hello notes on my desk <3 http://t.co/jXC4qSfmcc
Skipping on puddles giggling to myself.
Lady walking dog: What the hell is that? 
Me: Sorry, just amusing myself.
Lady: Oh, ok.

<3 rain.
Jordan: "are we talking about love again?"
: "no, we're talking about work...which is like love, but more reliable."
still alive! Me and some of the passengers had a good laugh of it :p
Was standing in the BART when I fell asleep and collapsed to the ground like an accordion.   That certainly woke me up...
word
Valentines day kitty surprise! http://t.co/WtRXpqdxZC
Hills Bros. statue in Spear, Ike is very excited! http://t.co/e5pranS6sE
Justin and his fan/stalker http://t.co/YoSI9DRjme
Ninja Shane http://t.co/l52dpuKe73
Adam is visiting! http://t.co/ypVXGbOnOM
Take three http://t.co/aBiRwIbHLm
Take two! http://t.co/nTmNPuNiev
During chocolate tasting http://t.co/8li4NvsxTj
Kitty nails http://t.co/hpUU4t2K66
Home early enough for home made cake and coffee ^.^ http://t.co/woRwc6aPly
Pesto a la batard, by Nora. http://t.co/XY8D0tYs5v
Why wouldn't you? Same goes for Phillydelphia :p
Very few people can talk about transforms in the web with the eloquence and foresight that  has:  http://t.co/Wxz407Zkgb #moovweb
I need an emotional transfusion.  Quick, adorable things! Go!
Adorable #hashtagoneteam http://t.co/4yXB6Rd4Ch
omg
reminds me of
birds
only with bees
hahahahha
Oprah
so good
I feel like this should be in a tumblr
I can't stop watching it
I love how she's dancing at the end
And the woman crying
and the guy running away
I just love everything about this gif
*saved to dropbox*
excuse me?
I abused it once
Granted, it was an epic abuse.
But never again.
twss?
ah
yeah, that was the annoyings.
I don't like any plugin that kicks off mid conversation without talking to hambot directly.
@all does manhattanserver.gem need 32 bit as well as 64 bit linux? Or just 64bit?
@jaja http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IHBGKsDkhc
ha
Yup
yups
QA stuff for manhattan 3.5
too many changes, so we're dedicating a solid week or two of QA of everyone in platform.
Not for 3.5, it's gonna be unreleased, so for 3.6, yeah, for sure.
Yeah, 3.5 is for us to get our act together, 3.6 is for release :p
Nope, you should never see 3.5
g'night
Another tumblr to add to the list :p
lol
omg
YES
I
DO
omg
Is that
a burger
egg
donut sandwhich
WITH BACON
This Paula Deen video is terrifying me
Luckily the Olsen twins video is there to make me feel better.
I like how the preview image for the taco bell video is the last irrelevant 2 seconds.
He doesn't know that?
We won't find out until 11!
did anyone try bill.gates@outlook.com?
Best site ever
I do love that dance.
Yes, yes he does.
@OJ http://elliottkember.com/ie.html
mars looks almost habitable.
ha
We have moovie night already
just watch a horror moovie on moovie night :p
Moovie night is tonight
actually
Well
social@moovweb has not approved it yet
So I didn't want to make it public until I got approval.
You guys never replied to my email ='(
I sent an email to social@moovweb asking for approval to do movie night :p
Not YOU :p
K, cool
I see I see
I'll send out an email :p
It's cool, I figured it would be a small crowd being so short notice
But it's a repetative thing.  I'll send out the details in the email.
Not tonight :p
Unless you can provide it
I brought my hard drive, but I don't think I have many horror movies.
I don't want to stream anything in our network
That's fine :p
Well, if possible, I'd rather people bring in a DVD/Blue ray/Hard drive for it :p
Yeah, that sounds good.
Let me send out the email
and then you can add a horror movie to the spreadsheet
on a day that you like.
Best dance ever, I'm going to pull that one off next time I go to a club.
dammit hambot.
Though I'll probably pull that one off too.
Thank you hip chat for teaching me how to danc e
too...much...funk!
Ok, that's way too much funk.
ha
Hmm, anyone in here good with ruby/erb?
@shanefrykholm https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/moovweb.rb
ha
that's messed up
@shanefrykholm where's my rock hard friday?
Where's the alt text? =(
http://www.marineviewbev.com/ecom_img/original-65-111-hamms.jpg
@JamesGill Gonna work on it this weekend
I'll send it out monday
or earlier
BUT
no one has sent me the registration materials
No registration materials, NO GAME.
Don't make me walk around the office with my camera taking pictures of everyone
That will earn me super creeper status.
Take your own picture :p
It was supposed to be today
but I was told I was the only one interested
so I didn't dress up.
Next friday? You guys are game?
I'll send a calendar invite
hahaha
If someone made the reservation, sure
You mean
get all the cheap iphone 4s's!
@hcatlin so is this why you couldn't make it to fancy fridays?
I still await the pictures you promised me!
@KennyLiou that makes me wish I had gone to berkely
heh
We should have our own Moovweb gangam style
ew
http://howdoiputthisgently.tumblr.com/post/31474141340
oh microsoft, so silly
http://i.qkme.me/3qyfrk.jpg
closed spares ;)
There's a place at the rincon center that sells delicious lamb, only on two wednesdays of a month
Hence, the lamb day.
@ZhifengKoh can explain the details
I am but a n00b at lamb day.
Recap:
What I want to know is....we got all this web right? Where the hell are all the spiders?\nNick Owens\n10:09\nnojd: google bribed them.\nMichael Catlin\n10:09\nthe cats ate them\nnoj d\n10:12\nooh the cats!\n \n10:13\nMichael Test joined the room.\n \n10:13\nNaseem M joined the room.\n \n10:13\nnoj the second joined the room.\n \n10:14\nNaseem M left the room.\n \n10:14\nnoj the second was added to the room.\nnoj d\n10:14\nLet's take this convo to the social room guys.
Response: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi8VTeDHjcM
dog-cat is my favorite
sorry
barking cat
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aP3gzee1cps
Nyan Cat is the wins too
tacgnol!
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/002/120/Epic-LongBattle.jpg?1318992465
tacgnol is a winner
also, spaghetti cats win all the time.
omg
Corliss was so good
wow
@ChrisMague that is very serene :p
that was really good
now let me poison your musical tastes with some j-pop
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2EQm6WPMHs
I guess it's really kpop, but they're singing in japanese
hahaha
It's not just j-pop, nearly all pop is like that.
Having stupid lyrics doesn't stop people from making millions, look at nearly every single pop artist in america :p
It's all about the catchyness.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKKT7zE_0Zg
^ best "eat your veggies" campaign I've ever seen.
heh
girls generation is meh
I only like Gee
actually
I'm a one song per kpop group kind of guy
this is a nice one, animated though:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWlsJvFURf4
Hmmm
I'm gonna step it up a notch
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1HZp4ClFXY
(philosoraptor)
slomo: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oem-M2tQU4
She should go to a thrift shop
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDx76xeSkT8
I wear your grandad's clothes
I look incredible
Courtesy of @hcatlin :  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUecUKa_yqo
Maybe when they released the android app >.>
oh man
so many gifs
http://multiply.com/mu/allumino/image/3/photos/11/500x500/1/Zidane-Sponsored-by-Butterfinger.gif?et=ESv31KWUrP%2BOMi4XDlZUGg&nmid=86631522
http://multiply.com/mu/allumino/image/6/photos/11/500x500/5/Zidane-Mortal-Kombat.gif?et=JO0BdlxKED2il5zaqgcZRQ&nmid=86631522
http://multiply.com/mu/allumino/image/5/photos/11/500x500/8/Zidane-Rage-Mode.gif?et=kFN6iCQvyBa9vjVL6r4N1Q&nmid=86631522
last one:
http://multiply.com/mu/allumino/image/3/photos/11/500x500/11/Zidane-THIS-IS-SPARTA.gif?et=KiTyIE5lgikQoJNh1Frr6w&nmid=86631522
never
(troll)
It's the Tevmonster! Quick! Hide your kids! Hide your wives!
do itz!
hahahhaha
that's our background?  Cool, must tile very nicely
uhh
have there been problems in the paste because of iframes?
but it won't have the same effect if you isolate it to an iframe
If it's just a theory, you should try it out ;)
http://brightgreenscotland.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/stand-back-Im-going-to-try-science.png
or is that just one of his many doubles?
http://noj.com.moovapp.com/2012/10/02/time-for-my-detailing/
or rather
http://cuteoverload.com/2012/10/02/time-for-my-detailing/
fat is the new cute
http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/Mary+had+a+little+lamb....+underused+meme_7679f1_3249196.jpg
the hell?
I've heard of p90x
karl the fog sounds vaguely familiar
lol
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lhm6j0y3hj1qah5c8.gif
so sad
chocolate wins
delicious
for magic, isn't it clear?
*shudder*
spector or leung?
ship it
he needs a tld
http://www.checkdomain.com/cgi-bin/checkdomain.pl?domain=theleungshot
It's available!
also that one
someone buy it!
Ok, I'll buy it :p
Should I buy theleungshot too?
or just leungshot?
Aaron doesn't seem very excited about leungshot
I'm not gonna buy it unless he wants it :p
leungcat
emo.hazasite.com
that link also contains the moovweb custom ones
that's a super cute dog
that
is ridiculous
BEHOLD, THE HIPSTER FUTURE OF THE WEB!
http://webby.hazasite.com/
OMG
Adding it to future work
omg @NickOwens I lost my mouse in that page
haha
hahaha
seizure-safe
wow, that's pretty cool
zeds website
I prefer shy ronnie
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_W_xLWtNa0&feature=endscreen&NR=1
but but
http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&feature=fvwp&v=8yvEYKRF5IA
I haven't played with dnsimple yet, it looks expensive
(shrug)
@HonieLui http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Passive%E2%80%93aggressive_behavior
" It is characterised by an obstructionist or hostile manner that indicates aggression, or, in more general terms, expressing aggression in non-assertive, subtle (i.e. passive or indirect) ways."
BOOM
+1 noj
-1 Honie
Hell yeah
too bad
Points are final.
This is true.
They're "indirect"
as in not the norm
I'm not giving back my point :p
ha
nice
Was that a real episode of south park?
shit I have to watch that now
+1
Nice bow-tie-from-neck-tie you got there
I tried it out at home when I got back yesterday
It's surprisingly easy to do, though mine was pretty sloppy
Nope, too lazy
I came in as Tarun
Rave-Tarun
I made you a bass, but I dropped it
already ate the lunchies
/me shudders
pavan saves the day!
I figured you'd want to watch walking dead because half the mission was on fire
sometimes I wish I was into sports
so that I could riot with the riot
If it's a sports riot, how could you not?
If not, then you're taking advantage of the riot, how do you think it feels about that?
ha
that hurts le brain
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yteMugRAc0
lolsy
It's too late for curbside
damn
Hmmm, I should call my NY buddies...if they still have phone service.
on set right now.
i can give you a play by play of the dialogue if you so desire...
walking to work ftw
my biggest hurdle was crossing market strett
street
which I did by just going under through the bart station
/me is a ninja
/me is an efficient ninja
definitely cats
oh
youtube is down
I wouldn't mind having kids if they constantly brought dragon carcasses home.
leftovers?  Please, I use every part of the dragon carcass
you mean the candies?
the candles
the decorations?
they're in here somewhere >.>
You mean good ol' OJ?
nopes, sorry
I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy
Any way the wind blows, doesn't really matter to me.
put a gun against his head
maaaaamaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
life has just begun
maamaaaaaaaaaaa, ooooooooooohhh
If I'm not back again this time tomorrow
carry on, carry on
too late, my time has come
goodbye everybody, I've got to go
maamaaaaaaaaaa, ooooooooh, when the wind blows
dee dee doo dee, doodeedoo doodeedoo doodeedee, doo doo dee dee, dee dee dee doo
scanabouch scanabouch, will you do the fandango
galileo
I'm just a poor boy, nobody loves me
shaking like a polaroid picture?
aren't you already?
I did watch that as a kid
by the wa
way
the owl in that scene
epic movember stache
I saved all of them fyi
for my own nefarious purposes.
That's beautiful
It made me tear
hahaha
@dave stop kleining yourself
does anyone remember the link
to that site
that when you scrolled down
it would show animations
at the rate of your scrolling
?
@dave omg, I would love a port party
unfortunately, no days of the week start with a P =(
delish
@KennyLiou
@dave
@BenBayard
@KennyLiou
@dave
wow wow wow
guys, now you're just being spammy :p
Lambmoustacheday?
Someone speaks spanish up in here.
I hope you had your backpack and map with you
not if it's 11 pesetas ;)
what happened to lamb day?
@MichaelCatlin you're just saying that cause you're in lambless florida
frank is very understanding, he wouldn't mind
adblock
is your friend
through thick and thin
hai hai
hey hey hey
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQAKRw6mToA
it's sads
I went to h.naoto on saturday
that's exactly what they told me
That is a sexy noj
Also, I actually had hair that long back in my college days
@shanef  https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/noj-college.jpg
only picture I could find unfortunately
ha
@dave
@dave is here?
@dave ?
/me agrees with Aaron
Pugs -- the ultimate philosophers
ha
part two is not as good
I can't...stop...staring at it.
that was....weird
good to know
now I can adequately plan my march schedule
Hmm
I would do the proper thing, and link it anyways.
That's just me though.
+1
lol
You crashed three people's players, good job.
I prefer flash being phased out than being moved forward :p
Now you can be the best HTML 5 dev!
ha
Is this SFW?
@dave I had to dictionary it
new star trek?   movie or show?
I like Sherlock >.>
I do like the robert downy jr. ones a lot more than Sherlock :p
none of our foods start with blood
-1 usa
too pro
(math minor)
we didn't do many logs :p
9x - 7i > 3(3x - 7u)
sure
so pro
Ooooh
I love that one :p
when you're done with that one, prove that there's an equal number of rational numbers between -1 and 1 than there are between infinity and negative infinity :p
You mean you've succeeded changing the world then? :p
That's a healthy dog
that makes so much more sense.
so deep
um
sure?
did yo umean 2^N < N!?
not if you're in a combinatorics class :p
2^x < x!   is truth.
well
x > 1
truth
ew, finance
proof?  by induction
(which is the same as magic)
I guess it's easier to prove 2^x <= x!
for x >= 1
oh, I'm silly, forgot about decimals
spent too much time in combinatorics land
where we only deal with integers
And that's why I'm the math minor, and Ben is the major :p
I used more greek letters in physics than I did in math
what was that set?
*shrug*
Are you talking about big O, little o, and theta notation?
ahhh
love those
so cute
ha
link?
most beers are the worst beer ever
/me runs and hides
cd ../sandbox
woops, that's not my terminal
considering I've only really drank beers in america and mexico, let's go with yes, that's what I meant : p
what's craft beer?  Like, home made?
never had home made beer
is that like moonshine?
I wanna try the apricot cider, that sounds exciting
I like sweetness
tangy is good too
don't like hoppy
hate hopes, which is what most beers indubitably taste like
spicy is meh
I don't like spicy stuff in general
that sounds terrifying
spicy = pain = masochistic
right....
so at some point in your life
you were like
let me hurt myself
as much as possible
so that at some point in the future
my taste buds will be numb from all pain.
Yes, but exercise has health benefits, eating spicyfood has no benefits other than eating more spicy food : p
you guys are cray cray
<3 crayola
(soawesome)
Nope, it's a pony
pegasus to be exact
nope (ajlie)
(priceless)
haha
maybe
http: //emo.hazasite.com
@dave
So...cold
This song just popped up in my pandora
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yteMugRAc0
Very appropriate
It's called "Nojs playlist"
every time I hear anything I like, I just add it to pandora
poor playlist will jump around from slipknot, billy joel, boomtown rats, bee gees, adele, simon and garfunkel, nine inch nails....poor pandora must think I'm schrizo.
schizo*
lately it's been playing a lot of electronica though
you forgot the maniacal laugh at the end.
I don't see why you would hire anyone but.
coo
I'm not sure if Honie is being sarcastic right now, or seriously excited.
@dave that is mad cool
ooh
I like Lamb of God
but I already have plans
sorries
@dave I did all those things in my previous company's party
I gotta bounce at 5:30 cause I have to catch a flight
so I shant be joining the hidive
also, @KennyLiou, Yvonne sent that video a while ago :p
:p
"why do they always smile when they're finished"
http://t3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcT0Fez4P1zmnJ9vwBDny0a2_C7me1ugN2dMxCYLerPI6iLtSCbZEtua6kf6
Six bullets of the Single Action Army Colt Revolver are said to be enough to kill anything that moves.
In the single action army?
It loads exactly six.
The one I linked?  not sure
/me only knows about Single Action Army Colts from the Metal Gear Solid video game series.
The Single Action Army Colt is a real gun.
Metal Gear Solid only used real guns in their games :p
I shot it at a shooting range actually
t'was nice.
lol
no one knows who I am
so sad
@hcatlin I think that's the story of you and Hambot
I assume @sarah is the only person that doesn't know who I am, right?
Everyone else knows who I am, right?
/me desperately searches for acknowledgement
/me is sad faced.
That's cause you spend all your time in Macy's :p
(rdcry)
I do tend to do that.
hahahahhaha
hahaha
manoj is way better than noj
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=manoj
so pro
ha
lol
the definition of Manoj refers to itself as Noj as well
" If you disrespect a Noj, you will die. "
James is not too bad
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=james
I'm scared to search for gill
I see only SFW things there
kati rolls?
oh
leftovers
Hmmmm
maybe
yes, ok
you have convinced me
And seal fat
i like git-immersion
before I joined moovweb, never used git
now I'm a git pro
true story
oh
I saw cindy lauper live
when I didn't know who cindy lauper was
only today
That video was epic
we should do videos like that for all our customers
also
this happened in youtube:  http://www.youtube.com/user/theyearinreview
video compilation of this year's top trending videos
I fear for that mans ability to scratch his nose.
Anything is possible if you dislocate a shoulder
Too true
We should have a company showing of it
Is that like a Super Saiyan?
Does your hair stand on end and turn golden blonde?
And do you permeate a yellow aura?
@BenBayard (stare)
working on it
Who wants to try this out:  http://laughteryoga.org/
he does
indeed
your screenshot
is broken
you should watch the video
it's ridiculous
haha
so
pro
laughter OP
IT PUTS LOTION IN THE BASKET AND LAUGHS HYSTERICALLY OR IT GETS THE WHIP AGAIN.
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
wait
now I"m thinking of how they got those chicks to be that color
and all the terrible chemicals they might've been exposed to
and how their lifespan will suffer from it
now I'm sad again
I hate marshmellow
I would never eat "meat" again
not sure if this was posted before, but... real life zombies in the animal kingdom:   http: //www.nytimes.com/2012/12/11/science/parasites-use-sophisticated-biochemistry-to-take-over-their-hosts.html?hpw&_r=2&pagewanted=all&
zombie pros
this is true
it sitll doesn't not answer the draino label question.
I use web client for hipchat
never crashes
indeed (indeed)
ha
but (tableflip) is
always
we're working on that function, it's gonna be called "ship_it()"
hmm
the popular meaning of ship it seems to have derailed seems the last time I used the term.
/me so old
Ok, we *will* have a function called "ship_it" which will write slash fiction about whatever scoped node you're on plus a given node :p
And we'll just forget about the other one.  I think this one will be more useful anyways.
It's what's going to separate us and our competitors.
indeed
It's the first wednesday of the month
I thought lamb day was the second and fourth? Or am I wrong?
Maybe it's the first and third?
I feel the response rate will not be as high with texts
skreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
internet!
all the time
I speak fax
96
I was in Chilse
chile*
I think I was in third grade
I was in a play called the "angry giant"
I was the giant
good days
Nope, but I did have quite the temper
that depends
maybe I got held back
third grade was hard
and I was a very angry not giant giant
wooooooooo
now you're making nonsesical emoticons
montessori?
"\"o
I thought you were raising your hand
to be called upon
http://static.fjcdn.com/gifs/I_590344_2201672.gif
I wonder how many people I kicked out of the room with that one.
Oo.  Looks like three.
your fault for using the program :p
web interface ftw
I rather die than use adobe air on my beautiful lappy top
and by die, I actually mean use a web interface.
Um, no, I'm a freaking dragon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dragon_(zodiac)
I'm an Earth Dragon, mofo.
not as cool as fire, but what are you gonna do
didn't even know lemurs existed
waterhorse and seahorse are two separate things
Hmm
prolly wood
unless you were born in 1949
or 2009
hahahha
how can I be ruthless but also magnanimous?
it better only consist of metal monkey band members
don't know, but people might think less of you if you decide not to like them only because you're worried about people thinking less of your because you like them.
man, that was a mouthful.
just feed pandora with a couple of bands that you like and you'll get several very quickly
Data?
how do you lose a save file?
do you mean you overwrote it?
bastards!
lazy bums
fucking <3 grilled cheese
i just ate one this morning
my favorite cheeses for grilled cheese are mozarella and gouda
I'm not a fan of the kraft singles variety >.>
excellent
yup
gotta love it
i know
lets start a new non-janky web
it will be glorious
Perhaps you were a terrible ox in your past life.
Hmm, it shouldn't be...
varnish does something like that
haha
you must think the server actually gives a fuck about you :p
I've checked the cookie jar, there were no fucks to be found.
I believe in a stateless internet
maybe we should write the bill of rights for the internet
Amendment 1:  If thoust be trolled, thoust is just in trolling back.
I think you meant to say, one nation, under little endian.
woops, sorry, i meant big endian
commandments, amendments, same thing
they're all in the bill of rights somewhere
my nose
I was eating my lunch
and I was out of breath just by chewing it...cause I can't breath from my nose at all =(
either that, or I'm REALLY out of shape.
that is mean, why are you so mean to me?
(rdcry)
so you were just thinking mean thoughts, why such meanful thinking?
I see, must be the holiday season
must be me actually being a little fat too (indeed)
(chompy)
(sadtroll)
yvonne told me about that book
haven't read it yet, but supposed to be good
wait, is it Story of pi or Life of Pi?
oh, I must have my title wrong, okie dokes
you will love it!
well, regardless, I guarantee that you'll love it
so that you can read it
and if you don't
feel free to blame the poor judgement of the guy who didn't even read it :p
also
please save me some cheesecake <3
well, someone has to taste it to find out
I can be that someone
if you save some for me :p
exciting!
Cheesecake Thursdays!
what's the difference between powerpop and pop rock?
sigh, so many references to the same music.
I don't like labeling music, most of the time labels are meaningless :p
fun meaningless arguments :p
um
the 70s maybe?
are we talking about decades only? or ten year spans?
what if I really liked 75-85?
hmm
most of the time
i have no idea when the music I listen to was composed
also
I'm sure the 14 and 15 hundreds had some good shit
As well as the 1700s and 1800s
anywho
look at the satisfying yet pointless arguments we're having about music release dates, almost as satisfying as music labels :p
btw, I post that in the platform room by mistake, true story bro.
i like the 90s
I grew up in the 90s
and the 00s
and now the 10s
I'm only vaguely aware of the tail end of the 80s
I think the requirement for a good karaoke song is that everyone knows it
in which case, it just needs to be popular :p
later
oh yeah
I thought you guys wouldn't be back until monday
santas are more terrifying than clowns
too bad
hm?
Are these chilean empanadas or mexican empanadas
also, there's really good argentinian empanadas in the ferry building
oooh
Is this the Chile Lindo truck?
interesting, haven't heard of that one.
This is the one I usually go to:  http://chilelindo.com/
you have a puppy!
can we have an open puppy office?
yes
my shepherd/lab mix poops outside, but it took us like two months of training him.
if it was a real tree, I can see the confusion.
poor pup, so confused as to where to poop.
sure
I like the rat
:p
yes
can you pet them?
ooooh
unfortunately, I too am sick
I've pet all the animals
and I will again!
YES
wait
is a hedgehog the same thing?
=(
http://hedgieshedgieshedgies.tumblr.com/
ferrets are underrated in the coolness scale.
My friend had a husky/wolf hybrid in NJ, the thing was massive, but also adorable and loved to play wrestle.
Unfortunately, I am not hipster enough to pull off skinny jeans.  I will suffer through the ferret apocalypse.
fennec foxes ftw
http://fuckyeahfennecfox.tumblr.com/
<3 fennec foxes
have you seen the tickle slow loris video?
oooh
did you guys feed them.....stuff?
YES!
omg
pikachu!
that video ruined my illusion of a pikachu
also, it was very dryly narrated
I've never seen any other dog not give a fuck as much as this guy
He wins the honey badger of the year award
I just learned what !important means, I'm so proud of myself.  Thank you google!
oooh, I didn't even realize that
I only bang important ;)
It's on
on my way
so they'll always be 380, throughout the year?
paraglide in
lame
true
damn
heh, nice
was it because you were part of a group that built a booth/area?
that's awesome!
I love fire
I actually don't know much about burning man
I lot of the fire tricks I used to do ended up burning some of my hand/arm hair, which led to a not so pleasant smell
that's so cool
yeah :p
Excellent party trick:  pour some 151 on your hands, light your hand on fire, scare your friends :p
Put out before any permanent damage occurs
vodka doesn't light up as well
you can also just use isopropyl
Is this our new hazing ritual?
Nope, but now I am curious
that pictures confuses me
like...analogies?
You can't do more than 50 pushups, GET OUT
what was it?
oooh, what are they?
also, these sound like very stereotypical interview questions : p
best interview question -- do you want to know how I got these scars?
It's ok Shane, we still love you.
My most memorable scar was when I got bit by my neighbors dog
my biggest scar is probably my surgery scar
+ points if you have a tape playing in the background with an increasingly pitched winding sound as you tell your story:
http: //www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWgCHaLmfnI&t=1m40s
it appears we did not make it this year
I <3 pinterest
indeed
my life wishlist
true that!
bacon bacon truck has a twitter
girls bathroom is indeed, a mystical place.
I'm so jelly
where's my hand lotions!
where are MY passive aggresive notes?!?!
guys, I think we need to start leaving passing aggressive notes in the mens bathroom.
"is that it?"
"not impressed"
that would be the ultimate win
hahaha
I vaguely recall that line
I saw that a while back.
good stuff
I don't get the cables =(
comcast already charges me out of the ass for internet only.
I got the cheapest thing they could offer me
maybe it has tv
I didn't really care
but we haven't hooked anything up to it
well, we might be moving out on March, so I'd rather deal with three months of expenses if we're just gonna install somewhere else
1channel.ch is awesome
I watched DJango in it yesterday
pretty good quality
<3 russians
sounds fancy
is it software, or a box that you hook up?
ooooh
*notes*
The High Numbers?
The factorials?
Exponentially factorial
That's cool, but can we have a RESTful API for it?
all the things
(allthethings)
I might drop by, but I'd rather not drink, would probably just make me worse.
I will toast with a hearty fruit juice instead!
Unless you ogle together with your mate!
Ben's friend reminds me of the ridiculously photogenic guy
http://www.quickmeme.com/Ridiculously-photogenic-guy/
You mean like this devilish pair?
http://69.164.193.213/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/IMG_2377.jpg
couple of brothers you mean?
i look nothing alike to my actual brother
people still think we're brothers
ludicruous
racism
I'm still sick, life is terrible, woe is me.
my roomate had a cold three weeks ago
everyone in our apartment caught it
I was the last one....so close
hahaha
cause sometimes some n00bs like to make <li> tags outside of <ol> tags?
I did that all the time back in my day
"Why use a <ul> or <ol> tag if I still get the list item? hah!
it's ok, it leaves me with the impression that he is indeed the ridiculous photogenic guy
ouch
k, getting my thangs
@dave refunded you free pass.
please return the grilled cheeses you consumed.
oh my, I can't believe you lived without it
make sure you try the -f option
cowsay -f dragon "What what?"
it was nice knowing you
@BenBayard my email hides signatures
sadface
Also, someone tell @OJ about the grammar error, that is unacceptable!
I still like my pokemon red
ok
I just saw the trailer
and also realy want it now
time to get a nintendo 3ds, sigh
of course
that's not stopping me thoudh
I've seen those videos several times, and everytime I see them, I can't help but think that they chopped off a couple of people's legs and just attached them to a robot.
:p
My roommates still think I work at a cow company
yo dawg, I herd you like cows, so we put a moo in your company, so you can moo while you moovweb.
_______________\n< Moooooooovweb >\n ---------------\n        \   ^__^\n         \  (oo)\_______\n            (__)\       )\/\\n                ||----w |\n                ||     ||\n
That's one ugly pic
FRESH milk!
oh, I forgot the best part
try this out:
fortune | tee >(say 2>/dev/null) | cowsay
if you're in a mac
if you're in linux, try this one:
fortune | tee >(espeak 2>/dev/null) | cowsay
yeah, that would probably be better
although, then you can't redirect it's output.  Not sure if the say command in mac has output, but espeak spits out a bunch of trash on stderr
Nice
unfortunately cowsay is in /usr/share/cowsay/cows in linux =(  Can't think of a good way to determine the location
which cowsay returns /usr/games/cowsay
my $COWPATH is empty =(
omg, that's brilliant
yeah, just change the ls line to "cowsay -l | wc -w"
so pro
and also change other stuff to make the rest of it work :p
heh
didn't even notice that :p
@brian https://github.com/mdayaram/cowspeak
This is not a fortune one, this is just cowsay and espeak/say
But I also pick a random cow if you don't supply one :p
Actually, I was gonna change mine to just use a cow, and have a random flag
I'm adding you as an author :p
since I started off by stealing your code :p
oooh
is that not a standard cow?
I wonder what the process is to add a cow to the cowsay package
@brian put yours in github so I can link to it from mine :p
Donezo, Josh, you should add that to your github :p
We love giving to the community.
ah, nice, I actually just linked to a line number in your bashrc :p
Also, Josh, if you're not going to add these to a github, I'll have to make one to add them :p
Yes!
oh
can someone try out my script in a mac
I wanna make sure it works
https://github.com/mdayaram/cowspeak
You need to give it an argument
cowspeak "hi there"
or via stdin
echo "hi there" | cowspeak
sweet
hahaha
nice
@JoshMorin did you make that repo with the cowfiles?
lol, you shouldn't include the standard ones :p  I would just add the ones josh made plus any extra ones you wanna make
Nice
I specially like the .DS_Store cowfile :p
I linked it from mine:  https://github.com/mdayaram/cowspeak
Man, this is like, a plague, I'm gonna spend the rest of today working on cowspeak
Alrighty, gotta bounce, later guys, keep up the good cowwork
Yes, yes it does.
haha, I'm sending an email regarding our repos :p
<3 otters
YES!
LOOK AT THEIR CUTENESS IN AWE!
But it's so hard
they're so adorable
I want a cuddle!
otter is still cuter cause it has whiskers :p
pretty
what the hell is brown sauce
delicious
what is HP sauce?
I didn't know the rods that sailor moon used also doubled as vibrators.
My childhood suddenly makes sense now.
That's the fourth time that video has been posted
we'll never get it out of our history
Oooh
neat
I would prefer it be filled with red bull
ooooh
even better
fancy hats?
top hats?
oh, you guys are talking about games
lame
I'm gonna go get my top hat.
pics or it didn't happen
that's not brian under that squid
I must agree with Miss LaFrance on that one.
I would call that more a wig
but festivus is every day!
+1 @JoshMorin
I have the Bose Quite Comfort 15, but I hate the fact that they don't work without a battery.
I love paypal...it lets me buy things on the internet without having to get up and grab my wallet.
Is that not how you close UL tags?
No, I prefer to use my memory for more useful endeavors.
Like remembering that your name is pronounced "Steven"
Talk about a mind fuck.
So I could either memorize my credit card number and call you Stefen, or call you Steven and use paypal.  :p
neat
download works for linux
someone test download for mac and windows?
download + install works for linux *
Still have the error when i try to edit my user profile, click save and something is wrong, the result is unstyled (but this was a known issue in production)
not sure what else to check =/
/me is so prouds
/me slash escaped!
Escape sequense:  Space + /
/me is so pro at escaping things
/me joined the room
/me joined the room again
/me joins the room a THIRD TIME
/me is stuck in inception
"joined the room thrice" doesn't sound right.
@BenBayard is!
/me won't come, but only because he's staying at home because his disease ridden physical form won't get better.
I hope those deer antlers are not the "awesome hat" you were raving about before.
/me has a fedora
I oughtta polywhagger my shnitzel and kick you in the twat for that!
That was combination brittish, pokemon, and old jewish grandmother.
I actually didn't realize what twat meant until a week ago when I saw the Easy A and the gal got in trouble for using it in class.
I always thought it was a generic meaningless insult.
need to watch more British TV
awesome is a subset of fancy
no
sorry, wrong relationship
all fancy things are awesome
fancy is contained by awesome.
indeed
/me changed the topic to: Anyone!
or did I?
muaha
/me is tempted to purchase all those domains
bah
downloadmoretime is taken
squaters!
nah, you can squat with any domain registrar, not just godaddy
but I do hate godaddy :p
smartest sheep in the world
@ZhiKoh wrong room sir.
that's a bad idea
anyone using the hipchat client is going to die
webclient for the win!
@ZhifengKoh stop posting silly things in the support chat, that's actually client facing :p
I just use the webapp and bathe in the wonderous gifs that everyone posts without worrying that my computer will crash.
hahaha
there's too many good gifs out there, you shouldn't have to limit yourself to just one favorite.
The cutting edge in napping-at-the-office
https://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/907_491774257555318_1838021637_n.jpg
Hmm
Big thing in mine was stealing lunch trays and using them for sledding during the winter.
tree sitters?
that sounds way awesomer than snow.
if that petition was as successfull as the one to get bill oreilly waterboarded...
Oh! can I be the first one!  I suspect there won't be many after : p
that is true
@sarah I use 'kids these days' all the time, even with immigrant parents
hell, I'm an immigrant : p
Oooh, Gio be immigrant too?
states other than california don't count as immigration : p
haven't heard of that state before.
@dave not cool, there are cameras that can do that, plus send directly to twitter, facebook, etc...
true that.
oooh, so you have to have a phone? lame
yar
phone cameras are pretty much point n shoots
Hmm
I have lost interest in the camera conversation, good day.
/me left the room.
/me has joined the room.
Someone mentioned interesting topics?
/me has left the room.
it's all about aperature, shutter speed, and film sensitivity.
/me doesn't know what you're talking about.
Hmm, I don't know, I personally prefer Ryan Gosling
@MeganHallberg blasphemous!
I feel like puppies
https: //www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=LVdU_mKsAac
Ahhhh
much better
Let the man + as he wishes
Hmmm, I still not giving my 1, 000, 000 pluses back.
Yes there is
I don't now how to use it, but it exists.
https: //www.hipchat.com/docs/api
sadface
no, not nifty
it was chaotic and out of control
@noj + 2^∞
wooo, I plused myself
what are you going to do about it?!?
/me cannot be banished
/me cannot be set to nil, noj is not a variable
/me @noj = 1/@noj => 2@noj  = 1 => @noj = 1/2
@dave that is reminiscint of http: //browserling.com
I never claimed to be a math maor
major
or english major
I'm an immigrant, give me a break
@dave that's because it is : p
whatevers, I never claimed to be a web dev : p
yeah, you use HDMI
You get a pre-amp
hook up system to preamp, hook up PS3 to preamp
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvX8ajYAAxE
If your audio system take RCA input?
yeah, preamp is the way to go
any decent audio system needs a preamp
Unless it's moscato mondays
or margarita mondays
or port tuesdays
or tequila thursdays
too many drinks start with m
I like alcohol anydays
@JoshMorin +1
buffer?
does that mean it can overflow?
Not my puppies
Best band every
http://25.media.tumblr.com/1d30b23dab2065d8feb371c0b0f05e02/tumblr_mg2ixw1pn91qb5gkjo1_500.gif
If by workout, you mean the dance, I will totally conquer this in Dance Central
oh my, it's actually synchronized, I thought he was just making stuff up on the spot
"Hey guys, I feel like being on tour has made me fat.  Is there any way we can squeeze a cardio routine in here somehow?"
+1 @DorSolomon
of course, he'd get 100$ for it, I think that's winning
(yodawg)
http;//emo.hazasite.com
>.>
really? I told hcat to add it
I had admin perms for a total of an hour
and was told I could do whatever I wanted in that hour
indeed
meh
it would take up a spot and would have to kick off our other beautiful icons
ALL THE TIME
(rdcry)
(nooo)
(noooo)
I don't understand why there's a limit, it doesn't make sense.
at least you're actually old and people don't think you're 10 years older than you actually are : p
you thought I was older than you!
and @BenBayard thought I was 30 =(
it was cool in highschool...stopped being cool once everyone else turned 21
don't make excuses for them!
(rdcry)
don't patronize me (raritywhine)
woot, east coast!
my professor went to berkeley, he didn't like it : p
saturn bomberman?  is this a game or something?
oooh, cool
mars owns cadbury now, doesn't it?
/me is saving all these pics to print later
of sorts
I'm le sick
so I'm only there in spirit
sans germs
is the room empty?
why are you so mean to me (rdcry)
I ordered a bunch of soup and blueberries from instacart
spiderman best employee
@liam +1
(looks up philistine)
"The Bible paints them as the Kingdom of Israel's most dangerous enemy.[ 2 ]" ~ Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philistines
I'm a heap of cultures right now.
that statement could be nothing but incorrect.
indeed
(indeed)
the internet
Aaron, is ops back from lunch?  I need their le help
Are they eating at their desk, or back workin?
excellent
take pictures!
"I can show you the world...of academia"
If it can reach russian hill, you can direct them at me
egg?
oh
opposite of a twinkie
Le @HariAnanth would know if something is up with it most prolly
working fine for me
tirtium.io?
tritium.io *
oh
foo is a bug
we already have an issue to remove it
I'm reasonably so I guess.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sb2iXpRt2jk
that you did
I don't have chodeacademy
but I have chodeacademy.com.moovweb.com
best website ever
"fuck you, build some shit"?
aye
You better get a guy called chode to man it
hahha
omg, please buy
It be calling to you.
heh
sure, I'm in
wait
no
I'm not
nvm
I sure hope not.
what date is today? 16th?
Been sick for 17 days so far
do you have any?  I'll try it.
adorable
doesn't surprise me
hmm
what about those of us who are follicly challenged?
constantly?
I can do beard...though it's mostly reminiscent of Movember then.
I could just grow out *one* hair on my chin
make it super long
haha
+1
Also @JessicaPan it would take at least a few months to get to that point for me.
Maybe I could die my beard
interesting
shit, I've been outted >.>
@JessicaPan Yeah, they hold that every year...I think maybe more than once a year?
My friends went to it last year, but I decided to skip.
They said it was fun though.
hahaha
I think Josh did that a while ago
hahahahahaha
reminds me of the days or yore in AOL chat rooms.
a/s/l oh man
good times
lol
oh man, I guess kids now-a-days don't chat with strangers on the net
hahaha
10/m/nj mofos
Cause being underage is cool apparently
hahahahha
I put on my rob on wizard hat.
http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/text/bloodninja
wow, I still have a hotmail, but that's as far as I go
hells yea
got noj@outlook.com
the first freaking company that let me have a three letter username
one thing that microsoft did right
I have no bloody clue how to check it, but I own it!
No, I usually just use this one:  http://ex-parrot.com/~pdw/Mail-RFC822-Address.html
I think mine covers more cases :p
hence, mine's better :p
/.*/i
is less strict
hence, better
:p
Who cares! I want perfection!
lunch time
because i@b.co is a good email address
why wouldn't it be?
why?
says who?
BAM
And with that note
why?
says who?
dig a.com
wrong
a.com is owned by gtld-servers.net
hence, it's a real domain :p
anywho
lunch time
gonna get me some porchetta sandwhiches
maybe some potatoes
delicious!
g'bye
long live long regexes!
mad acrobat skills
ha
i need to watch invader zim again
oooh
cool
#deadbeef
lame
o
:p
oh dear
the bees gif is notorious for killing everyone's hipchat
ah
yeah, I was wondering where my bees at
well, poop em out.
indeed
hahaha
my roommate had to wear that hat
so silly
we should have a hat
Yes
That is the Moovweb new hire hat
You have to wear it every day until there's a new new hire!
You get lucky if someone gets hired right after you :p
fuck that, I'm buying it!
don't like buying things from strange websites thouhg
must find in amazon!
found it!
http://www.amazon.com/Plush-Head-Hat-Party-Accessory-count/dp/B000Z4B8LQ/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1358534493&sr=8-1&keywords=cow+hat
it has been purchased
ha
It will arrive Tuesday
google hangout has a feature where we can put virtual hats on people
"moovweb new hire tradition committee"
@KennyLiou  +1
not until morning, now it's just doing reconnaissance
@KennyLiou +2
@KennyLiou -10
WHERE!?
cd fancypants
woops, this isn't my shell
http://mlp.wikia.com/wiki/Fancypants
indeed
oh my dear god
can't
I have to catch a flight
I'm flying like a bird
gotta fly away
I don't know where my home is
oh my
not sure if I'm ready for that kind of commitment
@JamesG Please distribute cow hat to @Kuan
=(
=(
It wasn't supposed to be an object of embarrassment if someone did something wrong.  It was supposed to be a sign of pride for working at MOOvweb...
everything is wrong
I dread every buying the hat
woe is me
my own creation, turned into itself
true, but it is it still not the parent's fault for not sending them to the asylum?
NO, the use of the hat is insane!
http://www.iloveegg.com/egg_english.htm
eggs are the best
@all can someone summarize the company update yesterday?
what's fitbit?
I don't get it
(fitbit that is)
what does that have to do with anything?
Is that the new company moto?
@sarah if you stay at home, you never have to wash your hands!
If you live in the streets, you never have to wash your hands!
i like them when they start doing all kinds of silly things and just hurt themselves constantly
ah, the good ol' days
haha, I used to do that too.
I love the dew
or used to
I had a can of dew a few months ago
and I felt as if I didn't even know what I was drinking
my poor taste buds
have matured.
yellow5 and red40?
they're like my best freinds
They're only $75 at Costco
/me prefers non-carbonated drinks
/me doesn't like the feeling of bubbles in his tummy
cheep cheep
most brilliant idea:  drop a cough drop into a cup of hot water and let it melt
porchetta sandwhich == naptime
Ferry building, Roli Roti, only on thursdays
heh
indeedy doo
marketing?
heh
@ChrisNeale http: //emo.hazasite.com/
Actually, that last one really applies to anyone who's new and doesn't know our emoticons.
(indeed)
(noooo)
@all Best test image site:
http://placekitten.com/
mine's better
>.>
<.<
sure
wait
no
i have no moneys
nvm
lies
we got paid two days ago?
that's awesome.
someone link me to the trucks status page!
brilliant
financial jargon, I will never understand it.
woots!
(flutteryay)
alrighty., foods
I saw that commercial
it made me happy
heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyy, sexy border
seems legit.
Better be @dave
lame
yeah
@noj has 1000 more followers than me
and posts every day
I rarely post once a month >.>
Hmm
Both @manojerie and @manojetoi are available!
hah
oooh
nojatoi
what does that mean?
I wish I could have multiple twitter handles
and have one broadcast to all
DOING IT
http://www.linkedin.com/in/mdayaram/
Hmm, it's true
Oooh, true that.
and grilled cheese!
To provide vital grilled cheese and wine support, clearly.
True that.
That is true.
I'll add that to the list.
nah, Hampton is the new observer of punk dunk, I haven't seen it in a while
I added the ping pong fail to linked in :p
aw, thank you @KennyLiou you're a good man.
what's magical about my handle?
Oh
Your "name" is different from your at-name
go to your account settings and you can set both there
"noj ." is my name
"noj" is my at-name
foo
@DeborahMcKenzie +10000
omb
omg
@shane +10000
@JamesG +1000 ball pitt
(chompy) ?
@brian +10000
"computer won't do anything unless someone tells it to"
oh, what simple times
woots
ls
woops
this is not my terminal
ah nice.
Hmm
perhaps you looked at the wrong thing
(looks up)
no, that's right
first entry
@liam http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=kiki
@BenBayard +1000
what cookie >.>
ah
yes, they're the best
*saved*
how do you "like" it?
@liam +100
I've been known to get things from time to time
so true
yar
bye poop
you will be missed
RIP poop
in my old company
we had someone that worked remote
and they set up her desk
so that the screen was a webcam feed to her working
and they had a webcame pointed out so she could see the office as well
We called her Virtual Betty
It was cool cause her monitor was raised a lot higher than the others
so it looked like she was standing, overbearing alll.
You can borrow one of my laptops
/me has 4 laptops at his desk
are there COWS!??!
It's a Thanksgiving feast!
you get the wifis in the backyard?
oh my
@JessicaPan feel free to come grab a laptop from me if you wanna set up Virtual Ben
@JessicaPan still need a speaker?
do we use basecamp at all in this office?
...what is basecampe >.>
woots
PORT WEEK
nice
wow
all worth reading
my new favorite gif
oooh
@brian <<< 1
actually, the triple bracket is meaningless pointed to the left
fancy
only really matters towards the right (pads with 0 instead of 1 even if the leading digit is 1)
<3
yar
http://25.media.tumblr.com/1d30b23dab2065d8feb371c0b0f05e02/tumblr_mg2ixw1pn91qb5gkjo1_500.gif
I was wondering how many people I would kick out with that gif
@sarah other than being one letter away from "pug", I have no idea why you're interrupting our beautiful pug posting frenzy with plugs.
@brian +1
http://www.funpic.hu/funblog/pugs/pugs_04.jpg
so true
*saved*
It would just be you and DK though =(
I dunno, I kinda just jumped in on this conversation :p
/me goes back to work
random: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eZcV1UuUzI
meaty donut surprise
@sarah +100
If real ben is in the premises, sure
oh! tell me more!
I would totally do that if I had a webcam in the office
Guys, I need more endorsements for Pugs, Monocles, and rainbows!
http://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=122370716&trk=hb_tab_pro_top
Nice!
oh
I'm no longer the keymaster
I was only the keymaster for 1 hour
Hampton basically said
"I have given you admin privileges in hipchat for an hour, go crazy"
So I added a bunch of pony emoticons
and then he stripped my admin rights away (rdcry)
I think only pngs are allowed
but I could be lying
heh
hackathon was funny
webby.hazasite.com was my entry
Make sure you try a construction URL
webby.hazasite.com/construction
http://github.com/mdayaram/retroweb
yar
oh
I forgot to pipe images through my throttler
@sarah +100
@NaseemMakiya @MichaelCatlin http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJfYAJJYMqg
lolsy
loves the gifs
truth
/me is saving all the commit pictures
yar
beautifu
l
harlem shake bookmarklet doesn't work very well for cuteoverload.com =(
that's pretty fail
I never knew of this guy before, but I now hate him.
/me is angry faced.
oh
much better
/me is less angry faced now.
/me is angry faced again.
...
(lunagasp)
Dor...birthday?
=(
High Availability Juan
I can't haz skiing
i haz broken knees
also
only three people in the office
and one of them is Giovanni's brother.
GAMBLING?!?!
I only play 5 dollar minimum black jack tables >.>
also, I can't go to the moov tahoe trip =(
(if that's what you're referring to
)
I had prior engagements that weekend.
>.>
warm
and smells funky
@GiovanniBryden do you concur?
yes
it was
I threw it out as soon as I got here
I'm pretty sure that was at least 50% of the source of the smell
Too bad none of those cakes were cheesecake
although, after two days of fermentation, maybe they turned into one.
yeah, what the hell is up with the lights not working?
I was gonna do the dishes
but I don't want to do the dishes in the dark >.>
Yep
we're all suffocating in here
don't be surprised to find dead noj and dead giovanni sprawled on our desks.
(sadtroll)
I was looking for a dead-face emoticon but didn't find one.
Although
there's no reason why we can't just gather a group of people and go to Tahoe whenever we want
so technically we can have Moover's weekend in Tahoe any weekend :p
True that.
working from work = blue bottle coffee
probably chillin' like a villain
Looks delicious
Also
it's actually surprisingly hard to get an even coating on your face like that from a single head smash onto a cake
Yes, I've tried smashing many a friend's face onto cake, none turned out as good as that.
long edge cotton?
is it long edge though?
/me researched bed sheets, long edge matters
Should say on the packaging
Means the cotton is composed of longer strands, so they get tangled on eachother more securely, and don't pill in the wash.
well, I don't think they would make 1200 thread count that's not long edge...that seems rather silly.
but you'll find out if you get pills in your wash
I've had my bed sheet for three years
not a single pill
long edge cotton ftw
that is quite possible
I got 800 count sheets (don't remember if they were egyptian cotton or not), but they pilled after a couple of months...I was le sad
Here's a question I asked in Quora three years ago: https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-prevent-lint-balls-from-forming-in-my-laundry-aka-pilling
haha
Cheese? Cholesterol?  Please.  If cheese isn't healthy, I'd be dead by now.
Delicious
I now crave the 6 cheese omelet
please
Zergs all the way
/me has exhausted his knowledge of starcraft
(yodawg) Yo dawg, I heard you like cheese, so we put some cheese on your cheese on your cheese on your cheese on your cheese on your cheese, on your cheese on your omelet
so you can (chompy) while you (boom)
flores?
lol
i don't know why
but I love that gif
her face looks like a cat smiley face
yeah
I was hoping the same
and hipchat has basically killed my morning
and now it's lunch time
OK BEN, Thanks for letting us know that you're better than us :p
:p
lunch time :p
@Maverick my new favorite animal!
@sarah you know Joy Ding?
working from work:  13k
Come with me, I can teach you the ways
the ways of living under Spector's shadow
haha
I'll walk there
might take me a while
:p
I walked from russian hill, to japan town, hayes valley, golden gate, ocean beach, and back, gave me 40k steps
20 miles, took me 6 hours
Full time job:  Professional walker
brillian
not brilliant
lots of banter here
guys
you should upvote my comment on this thread in reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/web_design/comments/18v0cg/this_website_does_the_harlem_shake_how_up_up_down/c8ijsqf
kthnxbye
thankee! ^.^
I love me some up boats
I <3 Ender's Game
the metamorphosis?
oh, really?
they actually came up with that?
Is it 1000 dollars?
quote....who?
Response: OK
Trespasser!
donuts!
@Goose
I just wanted to see who @Goose was
@iceman
@Maverick
nah
I like my @noj
it is in the director's cut
last time I played volleyball i broke my knee
no
I played volleyball after that
and I crippled myself then
oh my
so many questions
put your name on it!
ok >.>
i can the all maths
cool
lol
I played around with one
it's pretty nice
I would get it if it ever got under 1k
yep
i played with all the pixels of the pixel
i dunno
didn't seem like something to talk about?
google makes a bunch of chromebooks
I don't tell you guys about all the computers I play with :p
why is it different?
it's just a retina display
mac already has those
everything apple has is expensive :p
yeah, you can zoom by pinching on the screen
it's kinda neat but also annoying
cause it gets dirty
:p
NOW we're talking
fitbit is not fun if everyone is arguing all the time :p
(rdcry)
heh
I kind of like Spector being at the top, it's been a pretty high motivator for me >.>
(rdcry)
gillooly?
so confused right now
yeah
I thought it rhymed like coke
because of "mook like a coke"
woots
indeed
@AaronSpector +100
the tickle me loris?
sasd
(rdcry)
a bunch of people left for tapas
and I think @JessicaPan was going to get something in china town?
Hmmm
give me 10 minutes, I need to test something real quick
lol, this is *not* super late lunch.  Super late lunch was what I had yesterday at 3pm :p
You just have to get past your hunger peak.
Once you're past it, you don't feel hungry anymore! crazy!
vegetate
@iceman fitbit.moovweb.com looks like is live
you should advertise it.
you should advertise to people that don't hang around social :p
via email
Um
I'm not getting a popup like that
so I assume so
?
I love aluminum signs
That's basically what I think about when I think about @dave klein.
there's no guarantee that cat was stray
http://rgh.cc/albums/userpics/10184/Rabbit_vs_Wolf.jpg
my childhood spent browsing at internet pictures had payed off well (+61 points to be exact)
@all fitbit.moovweb.com got all fancy
I wish
@SulemanRehmani +1!
hair?
I have plenty of it, just not in my head
in fact, I probably have more than you :p
oooh
if you put on the newbie hat
I need a picutre
picture*
/me has been saving pictures of all the newbies from their welcome emails
hmm
https://plus.google.com/photos/107234017478509748854/albums/5845017273000388865?authkey=CIPDwZeq_uDspgE
Looks like my pad
so cute
if you consider fat to not be healthy
i don't have spotify on my linux machine
le sad
I love nojmas! It's my favorite holiday
>.>
well
I usually just use pandora
it has treated me well
mostly because I can't be bothered to pick what songs I want to listen to :p
pandora client for linux is pretty good too, http://kevinmehall.net/p/pithos/
@MichaelCatlin song was quite good btw
got more?
lol
that's brilliant
I feel a corporate strategy coming along.
onesies all the way
@MichaelCatlin also pretty good.  I'm starting to like this guy.
lemme see if pandora knows of him
it does!
brilliant
he has been added
let's see if the native mac client for hipchat can handle more gifs!
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/doxie-on-turntable.gif?w=560
@GregStucker is that a challenge?
bring it!
oooh
dance central maybe?
Someone schedule a date for our epic dance battle
indeed
(indeed)
clicking works
i love this
too pro
lol
/me hopes for the native linux hipchat client
hahha
"music is all magic, you can't even hold it!!!!"
@MichaelCatlin I'm listening to "At Birth" by James Blake, just came in pandora
and it *literary* makes my ears hurt
oh, no I've heard it
but every time I see it
it's just that much better
@MichaelCatlin I don't know, it's something with the instrument that they're using, it's almost like a clicking type sound that hurts my ears
SORTA
woops
le caps
superspeed
@DanKim I already have that game I think...or at least my roommates do.
if we throw bagels in the blender, do breadcrumbs come out?
Hmmm
@sarah why you at homes? le sick?
there's no good "shake fist" emoticon
truth
Truth
I've actually been trying to migrate that domain to a different registrar, so expect down time some time this week.
hampton gave me admin powers in hipchat for an hour
and I took full advantage of it.
Juan is a super user
you can beg him for access
people are getting iced left and right
and no one tells the platform room
we're interested in the iced shenanigans too! :p
I don't have vine, it's not available for android (rdcry)
fancy
@liam +100 for office kitten
+1000 for office puppy
omg
no words describe how happy that picture made me
These are not as entertaining as the pug one
@ben I signed up with hack design
they send you a design lesson a week
specifically targetted towards engineers who want to learn design
np
first three weeks are all about typefaces :p
truth
yup yup
nero is pretty good
@Pav I added lindsey stirling to my pandora
good stuff
lol
guys
fitbit.moovweb.com AND moovweb.atlassian.net are down
why are we still at work?
love that song
oh snap
Hmmm
still have to finish a couple of things
I can meet peeps at the bar
Tres, right?
@MoockLikeCoke working is not allowed? =(
Does that mean you guys will wait for me? =D
So @MoockLikeCoke will not wait for me? =(
Yup yup
nope today
and tuesday
and all the days
didn't we go there last week?
ha
@moovbarista (goodnighteverybody)
It was all @juan
just didn't realize he had the admin powers :p
also
emo.hazasite.com has been updated to include (morbo) now
yeah, but don't know what a good icon for that would be
heh
heh
@OJ that is my favorite site for today
@MichaelCatlin I want to kill myself
hahahha
that's awesome
@Zoltar for a second there, I thought I was clicking into a serious in depth analysis on how bicycling or the building of bicycles or the making of bicycle trails causes great environmental damage somehow, and I was excited to learn something new.
And then I saw it was from a senator, and just closed the tab :p
I've also been saving most of them:  https://plus.google.com/photos/107234017478509748854/albums/5845028839465661345?authkey=CMeaupX5tae1eQ
New Coke
Maybe just name them for colors?
and have the interior be painted that color?
@DanKim brohoof
wow
I have lost all faith
in our company
starting monday
truth
meh
windows are overrated
specially when the view is the wall of another building
"guys! we finally got a room room! It's great! It has all the features you'd want in a room! space! and corners!"
Yes
sorry guys
I've been running around
but yes
we ran
fridge += lots of beer
and a lot of moving around
still looks very janky
but they're cleaning up this weekend
they are large
everything broke
: p
nhttp: //nooooooooooooooo.com/
/quote : )
cool
Sean sent out an email
you have THREE MONITORS?!?1
I want three monitors
giveme!
aaaah
get a new dvi cable?
unplug the power cable, wait 60 seconds, turn everything on agian
the cleaning people are very loud
i did
the guy is cleaning like...right next to me
he does not appreciate
my speakers, they were free and weak.
yay, no more cleaning
they must not like smashing pumpkins
prolly realized it would be useless to clean now
I'm done with that
I'm not flogging mollies
I'm now*
nope
lolsy
I just spent two hours working on a prerequisite for my project
and only after I finished
I realized I can't use it.
if we had a "small fails" room, i would post that there.
maybe an FML room.
oh snap
IDEA!
@GregStucker +1
sleepy + meditating = micro naps that are interrupted by a guy's voice telling you to focus on a certain body part.
@all I was educated by @Zuul about Mr. Rogers.  After spending most of the day reading this whenever I could squeeze the time, I literary finished it in tears.  http://www.cracked.com/blog/5-moments-that-prove-mr.-rogers-was-greatest-american
Having an absurd name just makes you that much sexier.
@all, we're changing the syntax of Tritium to adhere to LOLCODE standards: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LOLCODE
BRILLIANT!
omg
<3 lolcode
I want to make a parser for this so bad
forrest gump?
ah
@Zuul truth
TEA CLUB
TEA CLUB
but
TEA CLUB
peanut butter jelly time?
@Goose http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8MDNFaGfT4
@liam hopefully cookies, scones, and tea sandwhiches
in the woods of alaska
living amongst wolfs
wolves
do I show up? nice
nice
lol
second result is a whois search
for hazasite.net
like
first thing: "holy crap my eyes"
second thing: "who the hell is this fucker"
hahha
yeah
there's a few others
yup
heh
I think so
I can put out some more
I slept pretty well last night
oh
FYI, if anyone is debugging header issues, I made this a while back which has proved to be quiet useful:  http://headerecho.hazasite.com
It's hosted off of heroku, who adds a bunch of headers themselves, which is why you see a bunch of junk, but it's still pretty useful.
wouldn't it be
true && for(;;) ?
Shane, I didn't know you felt that way.
Let's run away together
and make code analogies forever
oh my, things are moving so fast
only if you endorse me for hugs
http://www.linkedin.com/in/mdayaram
doen
done*
I need one more endorsement for hugs for it to be on the top ranking section.
It will boot out ruby
which is useless compared to hugs
Excellent!
Excellent.  I want all my top ranking things to be completely irrelevant to my career.
NICE
uhhh, it's at my house, this saturday?
room progressive?
oh
seems rather short notice to set that up
@Maverick sounds like my hero
@Zuul +100
rat
biggest earthquake I've been in was a 5.2 in chile when I was a kid.  Me and my brother thought it was a game
omg
codepen is pretty neat
/me starts using code pen for interviews now
@all pugme
Excellent
@2Shanez bots come and go, but the spirit lives on with the people!
classic
@moovbarista +100
omg
all of these
so good
lets get all plz
wow
that coffee, it speaks to me
@ben draft?
MTG?
oh
no thanks, though one of my roommates is really into it
if you guys have a meet up, I'll let him know
I have a super negative attitude
I'm like a negative nancy
yes, I has a party
also, I saw a bunch of mentions in my phone and thought it was an emergency
so I rushed to work
dissappoint
also, @Dante you wanted something?
that was quite the long gif
i thought it had looped, but it wasn't anywhere near done
truth
@MasterControlProgram +10
guys
I'm the only person in the platform area
I feel so special
nevermind, Josh just got here :p
(content)
you order a cup of coffee
drink it down
and do it as discreetly as possible
or the meter fairy will get angry.
I'm setting up an order for 1 puppy for employee as we speak.
they're actually dogs from the SF SPCA
that's pretty cool
@all http://emoticorrect.hipchat.com/
There's also this guy: http://atlassian.com/jirajr
@2Shanez I give you permission to open packages that have arrived for me
Deb said that they're by the front door, if not, check my cube
or ask Deb
pics or it didn't happen?
@wonja april fools?
@2Shanez +100
truffle mac and cheese
kraft mac and cheese
@liam you should just put one of those sniffer dogs that find truffles for you.
go to hipchat settings
hahahahahha
omg yes
all my friends who visit me from the east coast
complain how stupid 2am last call is
I have no idea
if it's a public room, they can just go in it I think
if it's private, you have to invite them
heh
(content)
http://i.imgur.com/7r876ia.jpg
truth
<3 Earl grey
wait
does "Hot" imply spicy?
yeah, my phone doesn't support it.
I also think it's weird to be able to send messages without unlocking my phone
means ANYONE CAN SEND MESSAGES AS YOU
also, earl grey hot is the shiznit
yo
int he game room?
what
when did he leave?!
doesn't work for the web app
is this a nosaka launch?
or v2 launch?
cooooooooooooool
looks like a turtle
oh snap
it is
@all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVwlMVYqMu4
indeed
i love that twitter account
almost as much as https://twitter.com/EmergencyPuppy
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=qnydFmqHuVo via @LV
@ben hi five
(content)
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/9921601/yay.gif
poor petrified goat
fun
guys
my captcha said "no soup for you"
which I interpreted as "sorry, no tickets left"
it scared the crap out of me
NIN is the only reason I'm going :p
as far as I remember, NIN stopped doing regular tours, Trent is putting all his efforts in How to Destroy Angels
I was supposed to go to a concert on 2010, but I missed it ='(
I just saw Life of Pi yesterday
he found a Lemur island
it was crazy
it was like living with millions and millions of Timons
@liam I love that!
Actually, I felt the same way about this video:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puvstNGKSRI
guyz
guyz
@OJ duly noted
is kuanfucius taken?
LAME
@the_real_kuanfucius
I like @kuantum
omg, I love El Kuandador
Kuantador*
haha
following
@all do you know if there's a way to buy ticketmaster tickets for someone else?
I already bought mine on a separate order, was gonna buy a ticket for someone else, but I think it just puts your name on it automatically
Hmmm, I guess I'll try that out.
here's another question...do the seat numbers and rows in an outsidelands ticket make a difference?  Like, if I'm going with someone, should I make sure I buy the tickets together?
that's what I thought
but the ticket I got has a row number and seat number
and I did not get a VIP
ok
yesm?
@MichelleKim please bring hat to tutoring session today
@MichelleKim alas, oh well
lol
that's ok
I had to dash out early to meet someone for dinner anyways
emo.hazasite.com
kitties need to be saved too
too bad, gonna watch it anyways
so good
an oldie but a classic: http://www.iloveegg.com/egg_english.htm
@dave fun stuff
@dave their "forgot password" link is broken :p
you should try it out @SeanCarey ;)
you can probably just check out some past zendesk questions and re-ask those
maybe
I dunno if that's viable
iunno
CORGI BEACH PARTY! http://www.buzzfeed.com/mjs538/this-is-what-it-happens-when-140-corgis-have-a-beach-party
omg
I love (grumpycat)
(grumpycat)(heard)(jackie)(tea)
grr
(grumpycat) (heart) (jackie) (tea)
I feel like I've learned so much
I feel like I can deter any mugger now
It's also decked out with three cans of Axe deodorant
I think someone is saying that we smell.
for the sake of science!
hahahhaa
I'm still having trouble parsing that sentence
@LV a true linguist.
so does that mean
that we only started smelling recently?
personal hygene fitbit scale
I remember Deb asked me a while back if there was anything she should put in the guys bathroom.
I told her that other than soap, paper towels, and toilet paper, I can't really imagine what else you'd want.
heh
if we had toothpaste and toothbrushes, this bathroom would be more decked out than my home bathroom.
that would be nice
ooooh
we haven't had a company outing since angel island almost a year ago
calendar-it!
thanks juan
@leChiffre (catbug)
(fwp)
@SeanCarey that's awesome.
@wonj +100
sofly
I love the arnold swarzenneger line
This is still my goto at the dance clubz: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eZcV1UuUzI
nothing beats the carlton dance
no amounts of kick block chops
Carlton's mistake in that video:  he stopped dancing.
Never stop dancing
even if you get caught
MUST CONTINUE
@ben I'm curious about it, figured other people might want to know about the time commitment as well
@Tef you around?
@all If anyone has a spare tie, I'd love to borrow.
:p
give me three weeks
and I can grow a beard as epic as that
hahahhaa
pics plz
that nicole westbrook...she's going places
rebecca black only had one bad video
she's already got two
she passed the one hit wonder barrier
lol
wow
I'm impressed
posted before, but what the hell
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yteMugRAc0
@leChiffre for lunch, or for funsies?
skipping for the win
@liam when I first saw that I thought it was this song: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPrnduGtgmc
heh
oh?
lol
damn
so they actually got hacked
and the result was a flurry of mocking tehmselves
that
that's amazing*
@MichaelCatlin that was really cool
I didn't know who he was until today, but glad I do now (content)
American breakfast: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-62lu5mPVwAc/UYqA1z5XImI/AAAAAAAAP6o/fi6B5CXabS0/w644-h858-no/IMG_20130508_094342.jpg
guys
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/1366796166511.gif?w=560&h=317
hahaha
wooo
cool
congrats guys!
@MasterControlProgram I nice continuation: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YL97QjGEx6s
hehe
there's like 4 or 5 episodes
it's insane
haha
:)
:(
@2Shanez http://www.quickmeme.com/make/caption/#id=229642462&name=Khan Academy
er
yup
@leChiffre I'll let you know when me and my roommates will go see it if you wanna tag along, but it probably won't be for a while.
(fwp)
@liam zebras know how to get down
you mean the worst
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10151634187176117
@honorablemention I'm so excite about that movie
:w
blargh, this is not vim
@ben I can't believe that's music
well
no, I can believe
I can't believe that had the production value it did though
HEART!
that was so good
rocky racoon
@cneale new NIN video is kind of boring
song is decent though
haha
have you seen it?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgwrxcO48N8&feature=player_embedded
oh
I guess it says it's audio on the title
maybe they'll release a real video later
hahaha
Even so, it doesn't really strike me as single material, though it definitely has NIN feel
look at me, I've become all judgy about music :p
@all leaving at 11:30 today to get porchetta sandwhiches from Roli Roti at ferry building, welcomed to join
indeed.
(indeed)
@cneale http://programmerryangosling.tumblr.com/
I can fix it!
(chompy)
there, all fixed
omg
bull dogs are amazing
hahah
a helmet? I'm sure we can make that happen
hmmm, most helmets I'm aware of do not come with free puppies.
You can probably strike a better deal if you buy helmet/puppy separately
oh snap
turbo speed ahead
@ben stream doesn't work for linux =(
le sad
that's hilarious
I don't like football >.>
only about things I understand/care about :p
I will purposely abstain because my physical body cannot handle my emotional passion
speaking of competition spirit...
The ping pong tournament is still going on
guys, play your ping pong matches so that I can get rid of all the junk under my cube
i just switched to this room
and became terrified
and later, surprisingly at ease
almost as if
I belonged
(tableflip)
Suddenly, I have linked the name Sofiya with cowhat girl.
the best of hats
from a real hat maker
that really went insane, from using real mercury, for his real hats
I have some in my new hire album
not many people wear the hat
https://plus.google.com/photos/107234017478509748854/albums/5845017273000388865?authkey=CIPDwZeq_uDspgE
I think the only people I have with the hat are Kuan and Jessica
i save all the things
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbHyUHNw5o4
gotta love crack
feel free to spread it ;)
hahaha
oh man, you guys shouldn't encourage me
I'm gonna drop some mad knowledge on you guys if you keep it up
lol, I would follow that twitter :p
oh my >.>
<.<
haha
I kind of want to
start a twitter for that :p
Yeah, Yamasho
Post and Van Ness I believe
(interserction)
It's relatively close to where I live, so I'm going home first, taking a nap, prettying myself up, and then hitting it.
Everyone has to pretty themselves up, no one wants to look at your ugly true self.
hahaha
beauty nap, mascara, maybe paint my nails
maybe a beard trim, nice jacket, non-cargo-pants pants
you know, pretty :p
Yes, I am adorable.
Ask them to change the N to an M and then we're rolling.
yeah
(soawesome)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=JiHZRVosX8Y#at=58
2.0? beta software is scurry
they have yet to have a linux app (rdcry)
@leChiffre do you have the original image without the caption?
thankee
cowspeak
https://github.com/mdayaram/cowspeak
@all CUPCAKES IN THE KITCHEN
(troll)
layers of lies
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3n0vBcW5fc
wooooo
(flutteryay)
(soawesome)
toggle, too pro (troll)
@dave if I give you a gift card, could you get me one?
@honorablemention good question.  I got super busy and stopped bugging people to give lectures
do you want to give a lecture?
Anything would be fine.
@honorablemention you could lecture about cool shit that happens in burning man?
sure it does
things like
how to prepare for burning man
what to do
what not to do
what to expect
how to get the most out of your time there
some good camps to go to
some camps you want to avoid :p
how not to starve/die in the desert
excelelnt
see, totally worth it :p
why get macbook pro retina when you could get chromebook pixel ;)
lol
it's cool, I clicked on it
got the message
/me left the room.
(troll)
ha
@MichaelCatlin the gif does not show the car exploding
guys, my desk...is in disarray
@Gio I've been scared
heh
lolsy
nah brah, who do you think I am? Chief Grilled Cheese Officer?
I asked that to be my business card title but was rejected =(
I am but a Software Engineer...what does that even mean?
finally! someone explained it to me in real english.  Thank you good sir.  I finally know what my job here is.
@juanca there are a bunch of batteries at the receptionist desk
behind it, on the shelves or the tiny little cupboards
So this happened to @juan  last night: http://i.qkme.me/3v1woj.jpg
@Zhyliana hand hugs are super old
but not old enough to be retro
>.>
only the important ones
where?
The Claw?
Reminds me of Jim Carrey
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3z0qzHHJi1qhxqfro1_1280.jpg
The Claw doesn't require you to accept it.  It accepts you.
@Pav +100
truth
(dontclawmebrah)
truth
Your terrorism has shattered my emotional state to the point that I need supplemental stabilizers in the form of ingested liquid hydrocarbons.
To the kitchen!
I missed you @Pav
@all Tarun vs Hari for ping pong happening NOW
It's over
Tarun won
@Willow @HellYeahMyNameIsScarey @leChiffre @QueenieChan http://elliottkember.com/ie.html
Also, this is Nathan Barnatt, my dance hero: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyARHscb8mU
/me goes to facebook
do we have streamers?
waht do people do at weddings?
is it rice?
throw rice all over his desk?
i like baloons!
I can take a trip to wallgreens in 20 minutes
also
FYI
getting marriage license does not mean they're married
it means they're allowed to get married
the actual papers won't happen until tomorrow
/me did research
Very true
I like to poop on parties.
you can judge any good party by how good their bathrooms are.
hahah
just thinking of that :p
guys
I'm installing windows
aka, I have a lot of down time
entertain me!
i love you all
heh
apparently checking the validity of the windows 8 download takes longer than actually downloading it
guys
maybe
we should steer away from carousels
/me is easily influenced
also
the carousel moved too fast
slow readers out there would get very frustrated
/me is a slow reader
I like how the dad is perceived as the antagonist here even though all he's doing is picking her up from the park and telling her to go to sleep.
I also like the 20 seconds of pitch darkness and silence at the end of the video
what's up with all this kids suddenly making music videos?
kids, so privileged these days
back in my day
you had to work at a music studio for decades
as a janitor, singing to yourself
hoping that some random producer would discover you while walking the halls
Well, you don't want to lay all your eggs in one basket, so you also solve really complex math problems people write up on whiteboards
It's unclear if it's friendzone or not.
kids are weird
@honorablemention I can't, I have to watch the release =(
+10 @Greg
+10 @ben
@dave it's too late
bucks?
oh
*bucks
sure
lets do it
we can use moovweb to make a mobile version of the apple website =D
Uh, hello, is this Mr. Cook, boy do we have an offer for you.
guys
the janitor dude
is super obsessed with cleaning Mile's desk
he's was scrubbing stains off of it.
not anymore (content)
true
damn, those Scots sure are a contentious people.
(badass)
You have to file an OPS ticket with a .png of 25x25 pixels and the name of the emoji, file it to Juan and CC me.
i love willey and wolf
+10 @juan
this is terrifying
people are weird
@all
@all https://moovweb.hipchat.com/linux
this makes me very happy
^.^
they used to use adobe air for a linux client
guy at canonical
lame, almost every other message I sent gets dropped by hipchat
@SofiyaTaskova my favorite os is the one I built in college, we dubbed...tinyos
if I was a rich man....I would fund open source projects dada dada dada dada
@SofiyaTaskova my favorite os is the one I built in college, we dubbed...tinyos
noice
dude, that was so cool
you @ed my name and I got a notification in my OS
yay linux things
wait
that was weird
someone @ed someoene else's name
and I still got a notification
that seems wrong
I love you all so much <3
(content)
https://plus.google.com/photos/107234017478509748854/albums/5845028839465661345?authkey=CMeaupX5tae1eQ
wait
there was a contest?
HHAHAHAHA
you mean totally necessary
yeah, whatevs, this is the new age.
(indeed)
guys
linux hipchat crashed on me and won't restart
I'm the saddest I could possibly be right now
Looks like sarah left the room in shame
let that be a lesson to anyone else that fails at image-fu
ZERO TOLERANCE
heh
ya
webby.hazasite.com
theirs is way better
I love the input with error
@Greg is a star
lol
174 views
at least 30 of those are mine
guys....we need these videos to go viral
If we don't get as many views as Stucker stripping, then we're no better than your every day run of the mill college web transforming company.
oh shit
new one!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VX8WhI9UXjo
@cneale You're a star!
@Pav I love you.
and bees
lets not forget beeds
bees
http://www.thenoisecast.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/BEES1.gif
omg
I love all the bees
you guys never fail me
@GregoryPinto I have one at home that gets no use, I'll bring it in, but I'm gonna plaster my name all over it to make sure everyone knows it's mine :p
@SofiyaTaskova maybe?  I don't remember if it's my friend's or mine.
nvm, @MichaelCatlin's got it
Clearly, some gregs out there care a lot more about the people at this company than some OTHER @Greg s
We're not a machine!  We need lax time too!
@Greg Oh you wanna game?
Do you want me to unleash my wrath upon you?
@Greg I will murder you.
I don't need a child's game to hand your ass
real life melee mofo!
I'm so ready for fisty cups
http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/408/602/5d6.jpg
Me and @Greg fighting would mostly be us insulting each other until one of us was left crying.
or rather, until @Greg was left crying
Yep, and then the hugging would commence
and then we'd probably pull out another peace treaty :p
Oh, diplomacy
oh, fosho
impossible
what is it missing?
oh
I don't control those
those are proxied over
the only ones I control are the custom ones
Unless those are custom
If they're custom, then no one told me about them :p  I have to add them manually
my alerts failed =(
heh
guys
DO NOT DEFAME THE ALPACA
That face was the face of a llama
alpacas are the cutest thing ever
don't you EVER talk bad about alpacas
Freaking @Greg , I should've known it was you.
adorable!
@liam you will die tonight
I have connections there
I don't need to.
@Greg it's one thing to push my buttons, but to brainwash @liam to do it...that is low.
That looks like a llama dude
FUCKING ADORABLE!
Alpaca, you can have adventures with me all the time!
Thank you @GregoryPinto
At least one good egg in the greg basket
speaking of eggs
@all http://www.iloveegg.com/egg_english.htm
damn straight
Go team alpaca!
that picture is photoshopped!
THAT'S A LLAMA!
slim indeed
I'm glad the internet agrees with me.
that looks like a donkey
more like evil @Greg trying to ruin good alpaca's reputaiton
wtf is a marmot?  it looks like a beaver
@all FYI moov server now sets --auto-hosts=true as the default
starting 4.5
:p
lolsy
@G3 emo.hazasite.com
dude
stop defaming the alpaca's name with your stupid ass lamas
s/lama/llama
substitutions never worked in the web app, I don't think they work in the linux app either
(bender) (tybg) (burr)
I didn't get notified because you added exclamation marks at the end of my name, good job :p
what's my job today?  getting ice cream?
Hmm
ok
let's stop for lunch
during the dklein walk
some random guy
I think his name was greg
not important
A benevolent dictator is the most efficient form of government
fair enough :p
man
I feel like a crappy substitute teacher
:p
@Z is all like "I bet Deb knew how to integrate through Green's theorem to find out the electromagnetic pulse given by the area of the spectrum"
SORRY I'M NOT DEB @Z
lol, no, cause somoene might steal @noj from me.
I know how you kids work
this is what happens when you venture outside the safe walls of moovweb, disappointment!
@liam you have my approval
come over so I can give you my card
@jandro were you the one who said you were expecting a keyboard?
nvm
found the culprit
lol
I had one it's cool
I'll send an email out
btw, emo.hazasite.com is updated
@all JIRA is back
(lemon)-///-0
@Gio I heard there was a chair thief yesterday?  This is blasphemous.
The thieves are clearly smart enough to only commit crimes while I'm not in the office.
I was working from home
in the Russian Hill.
As you can see, miles away to be able to steal anything.
@Willow who was the culprit?
oh shit
>.>
I think that was me.
<.<
I remember now
it's so clear
there was a fairmont fiasco
and I stole someone's chair
to sit next to shane
cause sarah had a ball chair :p
Indeed....I...I feel ashamed
/me runs away in shame to cry in a corner and listen to AFI
someone hates robot chicken
@honorablemention no, they won't let me be an admin
I'm very sad about this
All I want is to fulfill your orders of custom emoticons
but alas
I have been deemed a security risk
rightly so, I am a dangerous mofo.
No one's ever sent me a pajamagram
does that mean I am unloved?
=(
Gretchen Weiner and me are soulmates.
that price tag is more heart attack inducing than the bacon we ate this morning.
you guys are weak
Does not change the fact that you guys are weak.
Also, who the fuck stocks a bar without Port, Moscato, or Benedictine?
At least they had ingredients for Mojitos...if it wasn't for that, I would've bounced immediately.
^.^
(content)
so badass
hmmm
can I join and play super emo music?
oh shit
there's a ton of people there
f that
/me is going to stick to his emo spotify playlist.
I <3 brandy
and benedictine
and port
<3 specialty's turkey apple bacon brie
hells yea
all the talk about it made me get it for lunch too
I ate all of it because I have no self control.
I went around 12:30
oh man, is this becoming a weekly thing? I don't think my heart can handle it.
It's no porchetta sandwhich, that's for sure
@enahs, @G3 brought the gamecube and smash, there's a couple of controllers there, more are in the way
@enahs ^
I would play
except I'm a nub
next week
I'm only going to outside lands to see NIN
and then I'm bouncing.
fashionably late
sugar not required :p
btw, @IkeD is like my favorite person right now because of that email
oh man, picture fun.
@Tef it could've only been better if the night ended with us brawling somehow.
true that.
yeah, I wish you could've made it....I think it would've been cool if all remote people from everywhere could've come in, that would've been awesome.
also
I tried to upload these pictures to my google plus album, and it crashed my browser
indeed
@Tef when is the next time you're visiting?
Moovweb Mixer #2! September edition!
The photobooth was a brilliant idea
I want photobooths in all future company events
fuck that, I want a photobooth in the office at all times
and it would automatically upload the photos to a moovweb album and then we can have screens that just show slideshows from it
oh man
so awesome
#ideas
@all (mini) CUPCAKES IN THE KITCHEN!
♫♪ rubberband man ♪♫
animated gifs, courtesy of google plus
https: //lh4.googleusercontent.com/-dwKcq-9bJFQ/UfrQ9l1yN1I/AAAAAAAAScw/jVsnxNgQRww/w850-h566-no/2013-07-23_205916-MOTION.gif
and this one
https: //lh5.googleusercontent.com/-HyWIVJYX4g8/UfrQ_F5tHKI/AAAAAAAASc4/W5jHU9xWYxE/w972-h648-no/2013-07-23_210632-MOTION.gif
surprisingly, out of the 540 pics, these are the only ones that it animated
animated gifs are the future.
frantic is the new magnum
@JustinMegahan has it been twatted?
twitter fail
@heyliam how you chat but not in office?
sorcery!
black magic
TT?
@ben link to private moovweb room
I don't want to deal with strangers
yeah
the interface is super confusing
I spent 10 minutes trying to figure out how to reorder songs on my queue
You'd think going to "organize playlist" would let you do it, but no
Yeah, the dragging doesn't work if you're in the "organize playlist" menu
I LOVE THAT SONG
WHO IS DJing RIGHT NOW?!
@SofiyaTaskova +100
unless you hate it
then you unawesome it
I GIVE YOU ANYTHING EVERYTHING I'LL GIVE YOU ONE THING
I have no idea
that's what I always thought it was, but I'm probably wrong :p  Yours makes more sense :p
It's the ending of the song...I remember I spliced this part out in my personal collection :p
nope
:p
/me is the outlier
@ben @heyliam is there any way to skip/fast forward through a song I'm playing?
is there a fast forward?
because this song has like
3 minutes of silence
and then another song
but the other song is sooooo good
oh wait
it's not silence
it's just giberrish ;P
actually
it's gonna be like 5 minutes of giberrish
lol
lesson learned
don't play 15 minute long songs in turntable
everyone will hate you
(shrug)
If you can find it all in one song
yes
here we go!
btw, this is the song I really wanted to play :p
wow
only person that likes my songs is ben
I feel so loved by ben but hated by everyone else :p
so what you're saying is that I should actually feel unloved by everyone
(lemon)-///-o
how do you autolike songs?
lol
now it is
WASN'T IT WORTH IT?!?!?
also, I got the extension, now how do I autolike?
click on yourself
@all I can't play songs in turn table without other DJs =(
=(
yay, someone is DJing with me
guys
I wore jeans and my calvin klein sweater today cause I thought I would be working in marketing, but then everyone in marketing was gone.
Now I'm stuck wearing super uncomfortable jeans all day and can't even work at marketing.  I'm le sad.
honestly, why do people wear jeans? it's like...the most uncomfortable thing ever
no, jeans are disgustingly uncomfortable
girl jeans don't count, they're made of a different stretchy material
zipper is definitely in the front
things are just very stiff, and the material is icky on my skin
omg
guys
guys
let's have a pajamagram day
where we all wear pajamagrams
!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
these things are awesome!
@GGTY sport it like a boss
men's section: http://www.pajamagram.com/category/mens-pajamas.aspx
Directed Graph Acyclic Flow?
truth
The kind of joy you can only get with pajamagrams
I"m putting this shit on my calendar, pajama day is happening people.
only for women
/me is le sad
@all when would be a good time to have pajama day?
End of August maybe?
@honorablemention that's the only reason I'm going.
nice
@all ...who's still at the office?
wrong sean
who'se z?
ah
you guys ordered food already, right?
wow
let's all calm down here
no worries
Thank you ben for being civilized, unlike some people.
it's cool, I was mia for a while
sorry hipchat didn't tell me that Z was you :p
indeed
although
@Z did take the peace treaty picture of me and Stucker on her first day
that was pretty legit.
high five.
I think so
first week at most
a few months
wow
there's a wonja
she just joined the room
I thought you guys were the only one sleft.
well
you did not say that.
I feel lied to.
oh shit
I guess I just don't know everyone's hipchat handles
/me fails at life.
there's a lot of hurt going around.
wild wonja uses sandstorm
wonja uses scratch
where did you guys order from?
lol
I wish pokemon would sometimes have tame monsters appear
"a tame wonja appears"
you can take over @w, no one else has it yet
although, nothing beats a three letter username
/me is super proud.
lol
1998 username which I still use today for many things: yedgyz
wow, you were webdeving back in 1988, that's legit
womb dev
omg
@wawnj  you have to make that your title
"yea, I'm a womb developer"
wonja web world
omg
I love Kuan's name
hmmm
omg
that's beautiful
I want a print of it
and hang it on my wall
indeed
have you guys seen the new hello kitty?
I have two now
I've had two for a while actually
no one visits me
(sad)
then I have to move all my things
too many things
who'se that?
man
where was his welcome email?
@HellYeahMyNameIsScarey you're the only one <3
alrighty, goodbye sir!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXmsLe8t_gg
for us late nighters out there
yep yep
SEND IT!
Nooooooooooo
=(
I"m still in the office
I think I'm going to go home soon and play some resident evil 6 : p
heh
noice
laters
alrighty, I go
laters
what stock is that?
ah
Optimization ftw!
@SofiyaTaskova I had a bouncy ball, I don't sit on it anymore because it gave me RSI
or rather
I get worse RSI when sitting on the ball than I do compared to achair
Repetitive Stress Injury
on my wristies
I was so bouncy
I bounce all the times
I think it's related to the height of the desk
compared to the height of the ball
I need a bigger ball
or a lower desk
oh my
are we making a field trip?
lol
brilliant
codeine <3
+$5 @SofiyaTaskova
I'm in  CPR training until noon :(
Also, usually people receive presents on their birthday, not the other way around :p
Lol
I would think Heyday as well
expensive though!
spontaneous combustion!
OMG ADORABLE
good, angry orchard is all for me.
(motherofgod)
@HellYeahMyNameIsScarey +100
@dave http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GI6CfKcMhjY
Hmmm
@Greg the takeout or the sitdown?
yes
me
/me wants
@Sassquatch solution:  always say it out loud
@Sassquatch solution #2: always say it three times.  Once to realize that you said it, again in your head, and then again out loud.
There's no expense is duplicate "aw yeah"ing
True, you still have to be conservative.
But conservativeness should give way to accuracy of execution.
In this case, actually executing "aw yeah" mentally and verbally.
anyways, BACK TO PAIR PROGRAMMING!
@honorablemention Hmmmmm, I don't ever remember having a game night
ah
yeah, long long ago
I think that was more impromptu
like
a bunch of people just stayed late to play video games and stuff :p
I had really bad RSI
and tried a bunch of shit
tried vertical mouse
and all kinds of wrist exercises
I found out that sitting on the ball was fucking my posture
as soon as I started sitting on a chair again, it felt a lot better (though not entirely gone)
also, less mouse and more keyboard shortcuts helps a lot.
at least it did for me.
*note, that's RSI on my right hand, forearm, and shoulder
I tried this one:  http://www.amazon.com/3M-Ergonomic-Optical-Compatible-EM500GPS/dp/B000F2BP7U
Hmmm
way too far ahead for me to say anything, but all things big wheel interest me.
but I wanna drive it!
yes
@honorablemention +100
bread, yum.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2cfxv8Pq-Q
Da Ming's email made me find this on the internet:
http://funny-pictures-blog.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/Bruce-Lee-MEME.jpg
routine training exercises FTW
adorable corgis
I'm an aduuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuult
why would we do that?
omg!
@enahs ciders plz!
not exactly the conch I was thinking of
but still appropriate: http://medievalconch.ytmnd.com/
lolsy
pumpkin, yum
yumpkin <2
<3*
that does not sound like just cause for celebration >.>
beep boop
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1BdQcJ2ZYY
i like their live version a bit better though
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGoi1MSGu64
what?
Juan, you have no love of music :p
oh
need to restart the app
didn't see
that's adorable
delicious snapple
made from the best stuff on earth
whatever that may be
Done:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZKoxR4iOwY
no worries (content)
ios announcements?
5S?
fun
omg
@LShek who are you?
>.>
wait
are you ElizaBETH?
offense!
@dave suada
@dave suada now
not around?
@Z also, we should stop talking about half belts in the ops room
ops people will get upste
upset
and now to lunch!
saved all the gifs
adorable
@RustledJimmy +1000 I was looking for that video as well
Guys
this logo is the future
hahahha
To those who're into NIN
http: //www.npr.org/2013/09/04/218961237/trent-reznor-im-not-the-same-person-i-was-20-years-ago
chocolate!
I need a glass of sangria
#bestman
@MoockLikeCoke +100
@dave +1000
Everybooooooody
yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
Rock your booooooooody
yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
Everybooooooooooooooody
backstreet's back
ALRIGHT!
oh my god, we're back again
brothers sisters, everybody sing
gonna bring the flavor
gonna show you how
got a question for ya
better answer now
am I original?
am I the only one?
am I sexual?
am I everything you need you better rock your body now!
rock your body
yeaaaaah
everybody
rock
your
body
right
backstreet's back
alrighty!
alright!
now throw your hands up in the air
and wave them around like you just don't care
if you wanna party let me hear you yell
cause we got it going on again
am I original?
am I the only one?
am I sexual?
am I everythign you need you better rock your body now
everybody!
rock your body!
everybody
rock
your
body
right
backstreet's back
alright!
alright!
yea yea yea
awooooooooooooooo
yea yea yea
awooooooooooo
everybody
yeaaah
rock your body
yeaaaaaah
everybody
rock
your
body
right
(rock your body right)
backstreet's back
everybody
rock your body
rock your body
everybody rock your body
rock your body
rock your body
everybody
rock your body right
backstreet's back
ALRIGHT!
omg
ok
I'm done
phew
<3 take you cleveland!
thank*
dude, Backstreet Boys are my jam
we should have a moovweb boy band
the Moovweb Boys
yea!
I aim to beautify
Speaking of boy bands
this has been stuck in my head for a while
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuZE_IRwLNI
likes all around
I like all the alls
awesome
@Sassquatch +100
@Sassquatch I do that with the tumblrs
but when you don't know what you want, it's nice to go through things you liked before (content)
like this:  https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/9921601/pusheen-classy-unicorn.gif
or this
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/9921601/yay.gif
or this
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/9921601/hug.jpg
@all the new internet meme of the day:  http: //www.youtube.com/watch?v=jofNR_WkoCE
haha, yeah, i saw the stonehenge song
how would you speak to that ho-o-o-o-o-o-oarse
(content)
what post are you talking about?  The fox say?
elephants go toot
(content)
ducks say quack
and fish go blub
and the seal goes ow ow ow
but there's one sound
that no one knows
hmm, I don't remmeber either
must watch now
BURN
actually, that's not really a burn
I'm clearly not an internetian yet
but I have a green card (content)
/me is still learning
heh
oh, I see now what @Aaron was talking about
I don't think I've ever made @superkev laugh, I'm convinced that just doesn't happen.
heh
@superkev 's sinister smile
hahahaha
alrighty, with that, I'm off to take another nap
g'night guys
What's happening in 30?
That's beautiful
Like when me and him ate a sandwich together?
@dave if you were gonna cheat on me, I'm glad it's with @ben and ice.
on my desk : p
@RustledJimmy Yeah, I think it was Zhi
I couldn't help myself...also, clearly I have nothing else better to do: https://plus.google.com/photos/107234017478509748854/albums/5845028839465661345/5922419374403398354?authkey=CMeaupX5tae1eQ&pid=5922419374403398354&oid=107234017478509748854
it be skillz
Hmm
better link hopefully: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-WRQj56biyeE/UjCpCu40qtI/AAAAAAAAS0w/RaMLW8boUzM/s0-I/the_fast_and_the_furious.jpg
There we go
it was hard to find a picture of @Greg not smiling goofily :p
@Greg exactly
If anything, I think we increased @ben 's productivity
indeed
These are all ideas we went through in our first draft
but at the end of the day, me and @Z had to deliver what the client wanted.
Words to live by
@ben Hmmmmmmmmmmm
Would you like me to rub the lint roller on you some more?
YMCA is right next door, wanna borrow my membership card?
Would drinking beer help?  This I can provide.
in your pants? >.>
@dave <3
@dave +100
"What kind of meat comes in the functional language burger?"
"lamb, duh!"
I is laughing.
heh
@RustledJimmy I'm in, someone grab me when it happens!
@RustledJimmy @Tef is Red's happening?
k
@all Goats: http://www.buzzfeed.com/mattbellassai/goats-who-cannot-believe-theyre-really-goats
clearly they haven't heard of friendship being magic
@GGTY I know of one near Union Square who I really like
@GGTY http://helaineshpritz.com/
They're not mean
they're badass
I have a friend who's really into indie games
I forwarded the link to him
also, there's this: http://9gag.com/gag/axN0Nr2
rofl
/me plants kuan easter eggs in platform code
some day
but not today (content)
oh god, I hope Kuan is not dead
/me checks kuan on the facebooks
I posted on his wall
if we get no reply
I'm going to cry
It's your birthday @g3?
fucking a, I missed it.
curiouser and curiouser
@lafrance i fail at life....have meetings now...can't go get tots anymore... =(
@lafrance @Sassquatch @Aaron @Maverick @ben https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2249456599175&set=p.2249456599175&type=1&comment_id=1359562&offset=0&total_comments=1
technically it's already been posted here.
For those of you who don't know, Kuan's facebook name is David
heh
also, there's this:
@all http://finance.yahoo.com/news/people-falling-fake-apple-ios-115719246.html  people saw a fake ad that said iOS7 makes your iphone water proof and actually submerged it in water after updating.
lolsy
the actual ad: http://i.imgur.com/2nLg1Ev.jpg
angelfire is still around
damn
geocities and tripod are gone
I know that for sure
holy shit
I lied
tripod is still around
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3rhQc666Sg
those kittens are adorable
>.>
/me listened to good charlotte
I never said they were a good looking set of folks
I still listen to greenday from time to time
my mind is melting
oooh
exciting
hallo
That was Brian last time, or you?
I actually had nothing to do with last year's movember
yeah
people donated prizes
Michelle kept them on her desk
and people sent their votes to Michelle
I literary had zero involvement in it :p
I had a pretty sexy stache though
https://plus.google.com/photos/107234017478509748854/albums/5825588682827587265?authkey=CMPZpK_99aLhJQ
most of them are yours :p
In India we just call it chai
at home we just call it chai
green tea
black tea
chai
sometimes my parents will be like
do you want some ginger chai?
I don't know hindi, just words here or there
we speak a combination of english and spanish with random hindi vocab thrown in there
but ginger chai != ginger tea
in terms of what I expect my parents would make
if they told me they were making ginger chai
or ginger tea
ginger tea = boil water with ginger, maybe add some black tea
ginger chai = boil water with ginger, black tea, milk, honey, let it boil over X many times, serve.
hmm
don't know
Since "tea" in this case is most likely influenced by the British, they probably would just call it tea
Hindi has adopted a lot of english words.
i dunno, I call india india
@SofiyaTaskova not to sell chai tea? like....what?
I'm confuzzled by your statement
they can sell chai
well
is the chai in bulgaria distinctly different from the general "tea"
or if I walk up to a bulgarian shop and ask for a cup of chai, will they give me a very specific kind of tea?
yeah, so that's fine
I don't see the problem
oh
you're asking how do you ask for what americans think is chai tea in bulgaria?
@ben +100
I could use some chai right about now >.>
/me goes to get chai
ugh
the chai from the packets is always gross
/me is gonna bring his mom's home made chai herbs tomorrow
that is awesom
awesome
@all I posted this in Tech Services but realized I should've posted it here instead.  I know a few of you reached out to me about learning go, I have a small list, but was wondering who else was interested?
also, @dave that was awesome
cool
oh
I'm not giving a tlak
talk*
I guess I can
if there's enough interest
but I'm gonna do something else first
yeah
:p
Hmm
lol, I don't even have a pitch, all I did was ask who's interested in learning go :p
@m :p
cool, I'll add you two to the list
I'm sending an email, that's all ;p
ok, I'll go ahead and send it now, seems like I got most people
okie dokes, sent
have fun
http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/challenger-approaching'
ya
I have him on my desk
peeking at me between my monitors
(that's Go's mascot, the Go Gopher)
always watching
always judging me
judging me and my code
It makes every line you write take that much longer
But with the weight of all that judgment, you know that it's a better line than what you would've written otherwise :p
I have a second one made out of fuzzies.
that one is a lot more cuddly
♫ with his song ♫
@Greg is the epitome of neglectful fathers.
lol
All the boy wants is acknowledgement of his love!
and you can't even give him that!
a roof over their head is not enough!
financial security is meaningless without a hug!
@SofiyaTaskova it was a once in a lifetime opportunity
for once, my work required me to deal with paper and pencil and not be around a computer
I always carry pencil and paper with me >.>
oh my
@m +100
@SofiyaTaskova I LOVE handwritten letters!
I have SO MUCH STATIONARY at home
that I use to write letters to all my friends.
I also have a wax seal
btw, did you know that stamping a letter with a wax seal changes a letter into a parcel?
freaking USPS! arggh
LOL
wax sealed letter inside a normally sealed envelope
brilliant!
I also have an inky pen thingy
I can bring all the goods in tomorrow to see if you wanna borrow any of them.
handwritten letters to all the frands! (allthethings)
@Sassquatch if you enjoy cats, you should check out the cat room.
indeed
@all slider shack is a block away today near 60 Spear
I'm going there today
er
right now
truck
sells sliders
as well as the best tater tots
+100 tater tots
leaving in 5
hmmm
oh, btw, @SofiyaTaskova I brought my stationary today if you're interested
I made this because I thought it was awesome and wanted to save it forever and for always:
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/9921601/moovweb/OP-1260.png
@SofiyaTaskova http://cutestuff.co/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/puppy_hug.jpg
puppies >= kittens
wooo, @BruceSullivan
yar
pens
not fountain pens
but pens
losy
ew
didn't know sublime had a git plugin though
what does it do?
cool
it looks like if it wasn't yelling at you, it would be quite useful
lol
Virtual badges are useless to me
I need real world prizes
omg guys, @Z sent me this and I CAN'T STOP LISTENING TO IT! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFPf7wrLWxg
pom pom pom
then he waddled away
the man said
that's it
if you don't stay away duck
I'll glue you to a tree
and leave you all day there stuck
so don't get close
sigh
generator is so broken I want to cry
@all The latest from the internet: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWLhrHVySgA
sadface
I are the (slowpoke)
>.>
yah, saw that during april fools :p
@gio I have a really shitty vista
yeah
needs to be plugged in to work
battery is shot
and it's missing keys on the keyboar
keyboard
but it's here
@ben @Z I still no see no calendar invite
and event is fast approaching!
NOPE
You have failed me.
Plus scary movie night
I see it now >.>
woot
YES
NOICE
Just enough time to place an order for PJs and not get it until after the event (content)
nah
or at least
I assume people will be busy after work during the week of halloween
I dunno
actually
no
too many people are here
I guess most people come in through muni
I love it when Disney songs come up in my Pandora <3
@Z that is also good.
Best song
Hercules is also best movie
well
up there with Tangled
and Enchanted
Mulan is pretty great
but Hercules is definitely my <3
judgement is clearly the correct spelling
(tmyk)
(indeed)
=(
I want coffee
@Z +100
@ben what you be talking about?
@dave I thought you were in vacation?
from outer space?
oook
(boom)
@all platform team's favorite pick me up songs: http://www.youtube.com/playlist?feature=edit_ok&list=PL_RDPUXEd0ykaScC81x-ItE08wYpAlNzO
If you guys want your song up in that playlist, lemme know and I'll add it
if anyone knows of a service that let's multiple people add/remove songs from it, we can transfer over to that to make this easier.
:p
lol
yeah
True, but I like the music video aspect of it
yeah
the video for my song is the best part
It's great, it just makes me want to break out in dance all the time every time (content)
he has a couple of entries in there
0.o
@G3 does punching someone, having them move away, and you ending up punching a hole in the wall count?
unfortunately not
oh man, wfh adventure:
was working from home in the morning
lol
I have a doctor's appointment after work
truth
I'm wearing my costume today
to get some feedback
before the real trial
plus, today = first halloween weekend
nah
I'm post secret
I've only had five people write on me so far
need MOAR
truth
one of my friends already wrote "I love hentai" on my tie
I went to the office and Phil thought my costume had something to do with hentai
it made me sad
:p
depends
my friend is close enough that I find it semi-funny
if I stranger did that I would be somewhat upset
unless that was truly their secret
I was just at the new office
looks pretty cool
I had to run in there because I needed a mac charger
FYI, I stole someone's charger
?
I see no room with the name moovweb
I foudn the room
but password no worky
oh
exclamation
got it
although
I probably will have to leave before the game starts
alas, I must leave
have fun!
@MarkCassetta pictures from last year:  https://plus.google.com/photos/107234017478509748854/albums/5825588682827587265?authkey=CMPZpK_99aLhJQ
lol
http://www.lucasfrancisstudio.com/LFS/07Sculptures/MAPRPugs/pugs1.jpg
@Aaron that is amazing
@Sassquatch that is amazing
so good
SO EXCITED FOR KITTENS
can't, roommate won't allow
=(
but I could FOSTER them
In our moving boxes!
sadness
No uber drivers were available to pick up your request =(
they shall be confined to an area were only cat lovers frequent
@ben I've been constantly trying to order kittens since 11am, still to no avail
<3
omg
cookies!
@Z
If I didn't have to pair program, I would be all over the hipchat karaoke right now.
@all I have an interactive costume and I'd love it if everyone participated. It's an embodiment of www.postsecret.com where you would write on me your secrets using fabric markers.
Lemme know if you have anything you'd like to write.  I promise not to look, just come get me some time today
well, my original thought was just taking a conference room for a minute to do the writing
but you guys's ideas sound like a lot more fun.
*cider
(content)
I'm up for that
indeed
someone else has to provide the cider though
but is there ENOUGH in the fridge?
not sorry, capslock (content)
@SofiyaTaskova It'll happen informally later today, prolly around 6pm or so
There's lots of different possible things to win
well, more like if you really want to win you can probably make your case for at least one of the categories :p
@all I need somewhere around 8 people to help carry stuff from the parking garage in Howard at noon
Volunteers?
yay! one
yay! two
yay! three
Meet by the elevators at noon
err
11:55
talk talk talk
Bought the cleo cat
@all everyone should be a cobra digital party animal dancing pet speaker!
s/be/buy
:p
@all bye for most of November!
@dave this is still wrong: http://ismanojonvacation.com/
@dave LOL
thanks
so good
<3
btw, @all there's coffee from Belize in the kitchen
hmm, whys?
oooh, sofiya, why didn't you ask those questions during hte presentation?
@SofiyaTaskova
ha
I also used to get those text messages
I turned them off :p
lol
haha
lol, awesome gif
i think so
(content)
cool!
link to article!
so cool!
I <3 wallgreens
on my way
what am I looking at?
oh, are there people in that ship?
@SofiyaTaskova there should be
sometimes Myriam is a little late
Maryam*
@DrAce Hmmm
I don't think so
oh snap
yeah
I remember now
maryam said she'd be out this week and the next
sorry guys
I forgot =(
You can still do yoga!
yeah@!
this looks pretty decent: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8hIMt54E-k
=)
I wish I could join
but I'm not allowed to exercise yet >.<
awwwwwww
I just searched on the internet for a 30 minute yoga workout
didn't specify what
we've done crow pose in yoga before
it's a lot of fun
not as fun as bird of paradise though
nooooo
just sucks for normal programming
windows is great for visual studio programming
it should be able to do that
oh windows
why you make people so sads
truth
lol
my setup at home is terrible
I don't even have a desk/table
I have to work on my lap
ahh
makes sense
can you bring it over to russian hill? that would be swell ^.^
(facehoof)
@JustinMegahan I'm at my desk, emailess
that's not my team
@SofiyaTaskova usually you have to install windows first, then linux
I haven't had any problems with dual boot linux/windows for xp, vista, and 7
haven't tried 8 though
dual boot is not my favorite thing either
I rather have multiple laptops >.>
separate but equal
>.>
I think I have
win8, macbook air, thinkpad ubuntu linux, and chromebook pixel
I have ALL THE SYSTEMS
and they're all equal.....but separate
I expected a poll for my team >.>
I can put in some moneys, though I don't think I have time for actually collecting the goods =/
cool
lol
who's @choufun ?
ah
jessica
yeah, that's pretty awesome (content)
that is depressing
luckily, I'm at home sick
so I don't have to deal with such nonesense :p
oh man, did everyone come in wearing a tutu today?
dammit, I missed tutu day
can you guys take a company picture?  I wanna seeeeeee
damn the grapevine
wear tights underneath the tutu, you'll be set
you will have to acquire your own tutu
theme makes it hard to get presents
the idea behind doing a white elephant instead of secret santa was to make getting presents super easy
since you only have like…a week to obtain one :p
live lobster sounds interesting
EW
WHY
nothnx
hide the image
hidden
oh dear
at least he died a happy death
it seems
I have a really bad cold
I'm refraining from hugging people
:p
freezer burn
:p
(doge)!
so (doge)
much (doge)
wow (doge) wow
@pizza sooooo good
(flutteryay)
+1
omg
http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/aVOvD62_460s_v1.jpg
via @HellYeahMyNameIsScarey
@MatB http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/aVOvD62_460s_v1.jpg
(doge)!
much history
ew
kitchen
now in dogpatch
that is adorable
I GET IT TOO
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geo-fence
WHY?!?!
WHYYYY!??!?
wow
(doge)
wow
much love
so surpraise
(doge)
(doge)
@JeffFleyshman http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/doge
it was soooo god
god
good
goood
gooood
goooood
goooood
gooood
goood
good
god
I think @schiefner brought
it
I feel really goodo
so
this took me way too long
but here
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/9921601/costco.jpg
lol
wow
where did that come from?
why are we suddenly collecting tears of virgins?
ah
well
you just go to the virgin isle
and they have tear samples
costco is known for its free samples
@here I got my tie bars!
noo
the company is called tie bar
http://www.thetiebar.com/
heh
party zebra?
nah
although
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/9921601/yay.gif
gets me every time
betrayal?
this video dazes and confuses me
is it just advertising how cool it is to be a pilot?
cause that's all I'm getting
I was refreshed
now I'm sick
life is cruel
@here does anyone remember the coupon code for sanrio?
yay
Noooooooooooo!
(nooo)
(noooo)
The promo code "MOOV94105" expired on November 19, 2013.
alpacas <3
I like this for so many reasons
APIs <3
API libraries <3
Automates boilerplate <3
and it's in Go! <3
no =( still sick
I'm in
vacation calendar takes up half my screen
lolsy @dave
damn
that is legit
Interesting.
I don't usually wear jeans
because in general, they're super uncomfy
oh god
:: heart attack ::
(truestory)
I would be terrified of wearing them anywhere in fear of tearing/dirtying them.
hmm
nope
that looks pretty cool
everyday
we can have a designated puppy play room
where lots of doggy toys reside
and all the puppies can socialize
what the building don't know, can't hurt it >.>
We can always have a moovweb picnic at a park
where people can bring their pups
Yeah
I like this idea ^.^
must wait until warmth
nice
we can have a grill and stuff
much fun
@m +100
I have a new poster on my wall
Cover of TIEM Magazine
fun
pics or it didn't happen
saved
I"m gonna take that as an OK to go drink some cider right now
/me goes to kitchen
@drbenlove I sent an invite
edit the description and then we'll invite sf@moovweb.com
have a meeting, will check in a second
er
after the meeting
pretty empty
no cider
it's sad times
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndQZBQJf034
Hmmm
I wonder if we can build a sensor for that
?
pliny?
..?
I want to come
beer is not delicious
best moscato
moscator d'asti
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
hrmrmrmrmrmrmrm
I like juice boxes
yay
neat
guys
who'se responsible for this?
https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-WnkKoBAUAVI/UtbTnv9R_RI/AAAAAAAAWX4/po60hNKXefE/w677-h902-no/IMG_20140115_101141.jpg
oh no
this was a surprise left at my desk this morning
I want to find the perpetrator
so that I can provide the adequate amount of exchange hugs
!!
Delivering hugs meow
yesm
neow
well
not neow anymore
It's already done
bouncing trajectory!
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10151713485287758&set=vb.102478020240&type=2&theater
Every single time
I got dancing
I end up seeing some variations of this
I applaud those gals for their research
@iceman who are those people?
@here does anyone know who the kids walking around the office are?
lol
everyone's insane
OMG
Describe what's happening!
IN REAL TIME
HONIE! A true hero
NO
But I'm hungry!
sadface
What's happening now?
ooh
I'd love to talk about tech stuff
hahahahhaa
Good job @lafrance +100
lol
Just show them your Ben says twitter :p
ooooooooooooooooh
@drbenlove is in trooooouble
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aLYvZ5sX28&t=16
wow
that's almost slightly disturbing
@NicoleKim +100
@Ryan where's that picture from?!?!?!?!
@SofiyaTaskova that has to be my favorite doge
@Cagri +100
:p
also
Guys, how can I hug someone?
but
will it show up in the report?
this page is frustrating me like crazy
guys
this is so unfair
I hugged ALL of my hello kitties
and the counter still says zero
this is super frustrating
I want to go home
YES!
<3
@Cagri +1000
yeah, 20k for egging seems somewhat obscene
was he using ostrich eggs?
phew, glad I'm not that guy
what keychain?
oh
yeah
I have one
real tritium
it's on my wall
Have had it for over 6 months
I have one if you still need one
I have....
black
not with me here
just at homes
greedy? how so?
@here ben is gonna get started, I'm showing up slightly late because we're the middle of a rollout
should be there before 3pm htough
though*
I've heard this before
i like it
so true
@pizza +100
oh
I did the first stripe challenge (the security one)
they're a lot of fun ^.^
The security went from being super easy to ridiculously intense
I couldn't get the last level
which I *think* had something to do with a timing attack
oh snap
I didn't know they revealed the answers at the end of it
It's a good place to learn though =D
specially having someone walk you through the answers
lots of learning
yep
I'm not that big of a fan of doing random puzzles
I believe the only reason I did the original stripe challenge was because I was interviewing at a company that asked me to do it as part of an interview :p
lol
so old
such an old man
(truestory)
well
the link you sent
is the third stripe challenge
I worked on the first one ever
Apparently they had a second one between then and now
:p
much challonge
yep
@here all of google is down
run for your lives!
much fail
mail still doesn't work for me
SAD
@jm I found a chair with a label that says "josh" is it yours?
I love that gif
@trashboat introduced that gif to me
When I was crippled and carried a cane
I went into a meeting
and while I was presenting...
My coworkers slathered my cane with stickers
:p
when I went to grab it
once the meeting was over
I looked down
and it was all shiny
with kittens
and puppies
and bunnies
all over
LOL
THAT'S A PONY CANE!
lol
@schiefner we can make that happen >.>
wow
nice care drawing?
I love that last sigh
Baileys?
yar
no cider
no beer
no nothing
@all I'm at North beach for the weekly AMA, ben doesn't seem to be here, so it's just me :(
Oh?
I got no such message
Ugh, that means I need a laptop
I'm on my phone right now
@SofiyaTaskova +1000 -- finally got a chance to watch it :p
CHAMOMILE!
@BruceSullivan2 https://github.com/mchung/heroku-buildpack-wordpress
http://i.imgur.com/qGAzA1x.jpg
is it working now?
Cool
@bkendz http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=up863eQKGUI
woot! pts for me!
old news
I sent an email to fun@moovweb A WEEK A GO with dogeweather :p
so gentrified
eff this, I'm going to the cats room
unsure
truth
<3
(heart)
adorable love stories: https://www.google.com/
If you click on the hearts
much feels
many emotion
wow
(doge)
daw
oh man
I need to get the noj.co.in twitter account back up
I learned vim because my partner in one of my classes used vim, and he forced me to learn it.
better than nano I guess
that's all you need
oh dear god
this is taking the most suspenseful seconds of a film and making them forever permanently present
that's some cray right there
ooh
that means it's tea o'clock for us slightly sick folk
lame
@SoSCareyItIsTrue it's under platform jurisdiction, anyone in platform should be able to help with issues regarding developer.moovweb.com
Guys, I'm super sad
Soooooooooo sad
(rdcry)
No one came to the AMA
And now we were kicked out of the room
(rdcry)
No one!
more upsetness
always better
I'll bring cookies
(think mints)
(thin mints)*
what card?
gee, thanks
I see how it is
/me leaves the room.
@DanV I think I stole your mac charger
or rather
I know I did
I hope you have a spare spare one =x
oh wait
those messages were sent at 10am
nvm
*my* candidate?
womp womp
today is not a good day
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yteMugRAc0
oh, austin.  poor poor austin.
daylight savings does not work that way
http://i.imgur.com/1owrK9z.jpg
euphoria of apple juice is quite powerful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yteMugRAc0
@all sorry I'm late for the AMA, but going to the room right now
@pizza that was amazing
MUST SHARE WITH THE WORLD
@SofiyaTaskova I used to have a gum chewing problem
no longer
0.0
That article is terrifying
mostly the gum chewing part
also the water part
I've drank a gallon of water within an hour before
didn't realize how close to death that was.
oooh!
fun
@Aaron -10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001000001 for...sillyness
much ruff
(content)
just updated it
words of wisdom is now composed out of all my blogposts
@SofiyaTaskova +10 for luvs
=(
I couldn't find a way from the API to tell whether a person was real or not unfortunately
lol
there is TONS of weird behavior :p
:p
foster kitties at my house!
http://distilleryvesper11-7.ak.instagram.com/ea0fb1d40d3811e387c922000ae904e6_101.mp4
Unfortunately, the shelter told us that we're not allowed to remove them from our bathroom
they need to be in a confined space to learn to be domesticated :p
It's always a party in my bathroom
These are my foster kittens:  http://instagram.com/p/da-yzPG4Bn/
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCUNvOEveoc
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/article-2420652-1bd00d39000005dc-987_634x421.jpg?w=560&h=371
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/9726822934_f3200ff76d_z-2018189302.jpg?w=560&h=420
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/9935106133_92b3a5e76e_z-2097530309.jpg?w=560&h=538
OMG that's amazing
<3 foass
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/kleiner-kater-a31977130.jpg?w=560&h=501
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/fensterplatz-a31946525.jpg?w=560&h=464
daw
(doge)
....would anyone object in having guest access on on this?
Hmmm
regardless, only the room owner can do this
Who is the room owner?
It shall be up to them.
@pizza are you the room owner?
@pizza turn on guest access!
YAY!
woot
http://24.media.tumblr.com/390b6716467c2e2ab97e5217e2014977/tumblr_mzz4qcFbJl1s199fdo1_400.gif
https://i.imgur.com/9b79lrV.gif
(content)
http://i.imgur.com/UDGoqtoh.jpg
omg
that's adorable
@QueenieChan that's adorable (content)!
LOL
much concentrate
very focus
so pixels!
it's not loading =(
heh
http://i1.kwejk.pl/site_media/obrazki/2014/02/1fb9e3d4de63e51edf08d7e102ce6ef0_original.gif
http://i.imgur.com/M0GvfGd.jpg
so flight
very grace
https://i.imgur.com/yVUj8d7.gif
much chase
adorbs!
but nothing wins my current pattern:
black ;p
Awwww
http://www.nintheye.com/pics/0-cats/cat-luv%20u.jpg
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/12371912923_5eccd67cee_z.jpg?w=560&h=640
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNS7zzIzX-E
<3 kitty + tiny hat
i love most things with tiny hats
!!
omg
(soawesome)
aw
(heart)
oh my, @JustinMegahan would love this.
omg, so pro
I must say, cat curling at its best
(content)
Lolsy
Oh ,  reclusive roommates, I have a couple of those :p
I hope they don't poop in boxes
The cats with the apples remind me of the desperate housewives cover
lol
can't imagine what else you'd make rain.
http://www.netanimations.net/Animated-gif-Pringle-cat-picture-moving-to-a-beat.GIF
hallelujah!
http://www.wallpaperup.com/uploads/wallpapers/2013/06/10/100559/a7f0f58f774d693cd1dfa919de8f6400.jpg
a little too creepy for me thank you very much
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/12509473554_a903767937_z.jpg?w=560&h=420
hidden in plain sight
reversify
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/12509010195_27c4443c33_z.jpg?w=560&h=427
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/12509474284_a413a572b0_z.jpg?w=560&h=349
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/12509483384_18d7d52bb4_z.jpg?w=560&h=373
I love the caption
I don't think the cat is evil looking enough for that caption
that's a much nicer caption to that image than what I'm used to
ouchies
eyes
much eyes
bag fort!
oh my
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tc0mQYWFnVw
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/12703528014_577b89f473_z.jpg?w=560&h=640
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RraIPWUfE6w
that is pretty great
eep!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwEVDsZsA2A
http://cuteoverload.com/2014/03/03/curses-foiled-again/
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/12664388465_fcbbeb1388_b.jpg?w=560&h=664
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPaWwAnoj7M
wow
@QueenieChan I went into the kitchen hoping to find a kitty and was very disappoint =(
<3
!!
@QueenieChan +10
AW
/me ate an apple for breakfast.  yum
/me wonders why Josh's pupils are dilated.
/me hates eye exams
/me blah
/me does not take kindly to empty rooms
/me is singing songs to himself.
/me joined the room.
/me joined the room again.
/me unjoined the room.
/me notices a cat has invaded Sarah's sofa fort
/me looks at Josh's long-haired (and multi-chinned) image from two years ago and notices that he was a band at umloud!
/me likes umloud
/me loves cheeze logs
/me is going to pretend to food comma on his desk, but he's actually contemplating complex problems in the platform.
/me is probably going to die from this cold (rdcry)
/me is passive-aggresively annoyed at the lack of understanding of anti-social
/me is once again passive-aggressively annoyed once again by Mr. @KennyLiou
/me is upset that @KennyLiou is still not referring to himself in third person.
/me is sad that @KennyLiou is leaving, but no longer passively agressed.
/me fell for @TevfikSertel 's fake leaving of the room, noj contemplates on how clever it was.
/me is sad that Kenny left again, and that he still doesn't understand anti-social
/me is too lazy to bring forth @KennyLiou all the time.
/me is happy that @KennyLiou is using emoticons, but is sad that he is not using them in an anti-social manner.
/me wishes @KennyLiou would stop being so social in the anti-social room.
/me is sad again
/me was sent home because he looked like death.
/me is once again disappointed that @KennyLiou is using social manners in anti-social
/me agrees with @JoshMorin
/me would like to point out that the anti-social room is not the same as the emo-crying-corner-room.
/me supposes that's fair, as long as we're all anti social about our emoness.
/me plays with his crayons in a corner:  http://cdn-www.i-am-bored.com/media/61419_crayolaemo.jpg
/me sneezes
/me wants ice cream
/me is sad because the platform room just got really loud
/me notes that this time it's not because of him.
/me woe is me (lemon)-///-o
That's bazaar.
wait, this is immediately after installation?
That's odd
Hmm
Hmm
Let me try following the instructions myself and see what happens
also, is he running 32 bit?
Ok, that's it, the debian package is only for 64.
If he needs to use 32 bit, he needs to use the gem
That's the only package that has it.
Yup
k
cool
my pleasure.
What do you mean by "over the top"?
By didn't work, what exactly was the problem?
Yup, that should be fine.
Where/How did it error?
oh
no, that's correct
686 and 386
are both 32 bit
the debian package is 64 bit
amd64^
yup
We don't support 32 bit debian package officially
Well, the instructions page says that the debian package is for linux 64 bit at the top
We never advertised that we're supporting 32 bit.
ah
yeah
That would be good =)
I did
if the reporting fails, the sdk ignores it and keeps going
We've been reporting for the past couple of weeks, even though the handle hasn't been installed in apollo yet : p
We kick off a sole thread that reports to apollo
that thread blocks and waits for a response on our requests
but that thread blocking should not affect the rest of the sdk
yup
yep yep
k
Hmm
that seems like it's just for registering a mixer though
can I register a moovweb build with that same handle too?
oh, it looks like the old routes were removed in the latest build of apollo
we did, it looks like that was removed.
I guess we'd want to just add a new match rule for now, since the actual method hasn't changed.
Or should it be a separate method?
Do we have scheduled deploys? Or is it an on demand thing?
ok
Should I make an github issue for this?
k
Cool, thanks
excellent
In the mean time I'll just manually register them :p
Hmmm
That is a good question.
Theoretically, yes
But it hasn't been tested.
Yeah, the goal for windows is so that they'll be able to do that, unfortunately it's still very immature now.
I believe the policy is that we can provide them with an installer, but we warn them that it's beta
and could be buggy.
ok, yeah, I think that should be fine.
The windows installer is only for 4.0+
Hmm
Yeah, generate didn't work for any build, windows, linux, etc...
for 3.5 that is
generate was plugged in on 4.0
We could give them a pre-release of 4.0 that has generate in it.
@SeanJ would be the man to talk to about getting the prelease.
Yep :p
They're already messing around with a buggy windows build, whatever we give them can only be better than what they already have....theoretically.
<3 notepad++
bro love
ha
http://obeygiant.com/images/2011/05/OBEYCELESTIA-500x662.png
<3
@JoshMorin do you still need help on the asset-host stuff?  Feel free to ping me whenever you're back if you do.
@OJ Do you have a copy of the rewriter rules that you were using before? I'm trying to recreate your issue on a different project
@KevinLiou mstage.cox.com looks like is broken.
Did you recently push something to staging?
Carl?
That's old carl
used-to-work-here-but-not-anymore-carl
birds, what do they know
but i'll try
Have you tried cloning and push -f onto a different repo?
ah, ok
yeah, lemme take a look, that's kind of weird.
ok
Sorry it's taking me a while @BrianKendzior we were preocuppied with some other stuff earlier
still looking into this.
will let you know when I get somewhere
@BrianKendzior all fixed
Thank @ChrisMague
I see
I believe by default we do not cache anything through https
Hmm, at lunch right now, I can take a look when I get back
ah
@NickOwens if you remove the utf-8 from there, does it work?
Hmm, ok, I'll fix the generator.
@NickOwens not yet, need to talk to jef to find out why it was there in the first place
sure
mrmrm
give me a bit
ok, so what you're saying is that when you run moov server it forks all these processes and doesn't clean them up?
Have you tried doing the same thing with an older version of moov?  I feel like this might just be a go thing.
And it looks like the processes are defunct, so wouldn't the OS clean them up eventually?
@hari should be able to help, I'm at lunch
k
yeah, sorry, I don't have rep rights either
Sean or Hcat are the ones I know that have it.  Maybe Laurent as well?
magic
there's a component in apollo called the site analyzer
yeah, it's basically a crawler that starts crawling the page that your provide to the generate command
and it gets as many domains as it can, making sure to order them correctly if there are any redirects
yep
ooooor
I think there's an API for the analyzer
you might be able to hit it
lemme check
http://nooooooooooooooo.com/
fyi
hrmm, hold on, the api call is there, but not sure how to hit it
yep, you should thank @MatB for setting it up ;)
Hmmmm.....I'd say let's avoid that for now, keep it internal
eventually we'll add a command to the SDK
that will spit it out nicely for you
heh
@JeffPatzer I would assume we'd just proxy over their robots.txt and they would have to have their own mobile rules there, no?
@AlexDeSimone what version of manhattan were you using?
yeah
you have to tell git to push the branch that you want
if you just push your local branch, it'll push that branch up to moovcloud
but that branch is not the one we compile
we only compile the master branch
so what you wanna say to git is
take my local "superbranch" and push it to the remote "master"
I think there's an article in our help docs on how to do it
http://help.moovweb.com/entries/21986091-can-i-push-a-branch-to-moovcloud
what do you mean?
you can always do a git push -f
that will completely wipe out the remote and put whatever you have locally there
Excellent
oh
what command did you use?
can you copy paste the git commadn?
hm
weird
have you tried without the -f?
oh
it's a tag
not sure if it works with tags
try making a new branch
with that tag
and doing that
cool
yeah, it's probably a git thing, you can't push tags to branches, makes sense
no, that's important
@SeanJ take a look at Brian's issue
I assigned it to @AaronLeung
Figured we'd want this for 4.1?
Ah, ok, that makes sense then, since they're immutable.  Then I guess we have to wait for 4.2 for this.
lemme try a quick example to see what happens for (a)
.....I was gonna use my local box :p
so this doesn't get caught by moov compile and causes an internal proxy error
soooo, we should maybe change the issue to cause an error on moov compile?
@AaronLeung @SeanJ for now we should maybe add an error at moov compile state?
the request dies, but mps is still alive
Response is a 500 with "Internal Server Error"
Thank Mr. @HariAnanth for that
I figured it should be enough to get you started on the plugins for sublime and textedit
if you still wanted to do that.
Sounds good =D
yep
sure
you should be able to use the config.json that's in that branch
nope, not needed
hmm
Well, as far as the sdk is concerned
these are the sites we're proxying
right, the idea is that it should be very explicit
legally, we know exactly what gets proxied
yup
the good thing though is that adding a new pod should be easy
and anyone with access to moovcloud could do it.
@sarah did you try moov login again?
Yeah, the auth token is set to expire every month
or something like that
then you have to reauth and it creates a new one (that should last somewhere around a month)
As long as it doesn't keep asking you for your username/password, it should be good.
Should've only asked you once
Yup, then it's normal.
yea, no worries
yup, np
np
sorry, don't know =(  Can anyone else help here? @all
okie dokes.
match($varname) { ... }
doesn't work?
weird
Hmmm
Is this an error on a new project, or an existing one?
I guess what I'm asking is whether it ever worked before, or it's never worked with this client
test.prefferredpremier.net gives me a 503
ah
and you said that proxying their normal desktop site is fine?
Hm, I suppose so
Is that different?
oh
the domains are different
Hmmm, Unfortunately, I'm not too sure, but my inclination is that their SSL certificate being self signed has something to do with it
if you browse to the test.preferredpremier.net you get a broken ssl cert warning by chrome
try this out:
moov server --verify-ssl-cert=false
and see if it works then.
@MeganHallberg Can you make a JIRA issue about it under the MoovSDK project?  It seems like it would be rather involved and I can't get into it now.
sure, np
yes, there is
v0.1 of it will just be a message that tells you you're using an out of date SDK
4.2 will have this, I forgot if 4.1 has this or not.
auto-upgrade will probably not be available until 4.3 or 4.4 though =(
@Aaron might be able to tell you what's wrong here
@Wonja if you go the the support room, someone can help you out there.
Hey Ted, are you in the SF office?
I can help you in person
oh, cool
excellent
epic stack traces?
You looking for some? I have plenty
I sees I sees
Yeah, try upgrading
4.2+
are you using compass or libsass?
nice
yeah, 4.0 had a lot of bugs in libsass
4.1 is a lot more stable with libsass
4.2 even more so
ha
yup
4.2.189 is what the cool kids use
oh
yes
that is true
I guess only super cool special kids use 4.2.189 :p
please
most stable release
v1
I think it's still in the gem server
so you can do
err
a "ruby" some would dare to say
@superkev try pushing your project, and then checking if the response is gzipped
you need to push first to flush the cache
but the change is made (at least for SVG
)
cool
same name in finalenv.json shoudl be the variable in tritium I think
hmm
yeah
@Pav was it an SSL request?
try running the server with the --verify-ssl=false flag
sounds like the upstream is using an SSL protocol that we don't support.
probably a really old version of SSL (maybe v1 or v2?)
Hmm, don't know for sure.  @ZhigangChen2 what versions of SSL do we support when connecting upstream?
np
@all we've figured out the problem, solution should be in pretty soon.
@ZhifengKoh the accepted way is for checking the presence of a "config.json" file for nosaka-based projects
or the presence for "scripts/main.ts" file for older projects
that should be fine too
yup
@cneale : @Gio is having some problems with pushing to moov cloud
@Gio can you describe the problem again in here?
github too?
sounds like some local voodoo
@cneale you around?
annnnnnnnywho.  If you deleted your key, then it makes sense that you can't pull/push from github, because github probably only had your older key uploaded
that should let you push/pull from github again
and if you run moov login, it should upload your key to our server, which should let you push/pull to our stuff.
cool, np
no worries, just wanted you to see the problem and solution so that you're aware of how to solve it next time
for github is to upload a new key, for us is to rerun moov login or also upload a new key
hmm, did it work (what I mentioned earlier)?
yeah
that's right
they should use moovguest
yep, I chat with him all the time :p
yup, all of them all the time
prolly means they're using an encryption method we don't support for HTTPS
I think we support TLS of all versions, but we don't support any of the SSL versions
Yeah, so you need to find out what encryption method they're using for https exactly
and the version
If you click on the padlock icon next to "https" in the browser URL, it should tell you (do this on the normal site, not the proxy)
I see
ok
so
I *think* we're planning on getting support for SSL 3.0 in 4.4
but as for what you can do now, well, before I say anything, I should talk to Zhigang and see what he's planning to do about it.
I can't seem to find him right now unfortunately.
shows up fine for me, tried it in a private browser session?
uhh, no idea =/
@Pav no, you keep using github for code versioning
the moovcloud repos are only for deployment
yup yup
yup
what's up, what happened?
I'm in the middle of a talk :p
and my phone buzzed
with all these hipchat messages
@hcatlin yeah, new mixer support is for 4.4, that hasn't rolled out yet
no cloud support yet.
you mean cookie scope?
I *think* that's available in the latest 1.0.* simple mobile
tritium.io should be updated with it
1.0.224
It's in the URL
Hmmm, then it's possible it hasn't been released yet (maybe only pre-released)
We do mixer releases alongside 4.4 releases, so tritium.io will be updated once that happens as well
need anything else?  I have 10 minutes before the next talk
I might drop by the office after it.
for a little bit
if it seems necessary.
@hcatlin
lol, okie dokes
laters
/me is surprised the internet was good enough to use hipchat
did moovweb work?
I just remembered that we need to update apollo to use the new name
@2Shanez did moovweb work?
ok, cool.
oh, you're using the script directly
ok, I'll make an issue in apollo to update the SDK rules
(so you can use 'moov genereate' instead)
alrighty, signing out again :p
never again
@JajaB jenkins3 shouldn't use up much space, if it does, we can probably clear a bunch
before you switch to EBS, lemme clean up the box
heh
k
that's weird
I thought they were soft linked to eachother, but it doesn't appear that way
ok
I see now
sorry, I'm a little off today
Could really use a moscato monday
heh, no moscato unfortunately, it's also not the same without ya
<3 jaja
weird
hmm
there's not that much extra cruft
I was surprised to find out the clibs were 455MB
but we need those to be there
yeah, I guess there's not much I can clean up
go for it
cool
k,
@JajaB looks good to me
admin is at a per bucket basis
you prolly have admin for the buckets you frequent
anyways, I commented your ticket like crazy, take looks :p
yup, looking
Interesting, have you tried it and it all looks good?
Cool
lemme test it out with the standard moov package, but looks like we shouldn't have any problems
Cool
Thanks @MatB and @cneale !
@GGTY no, not at all.  We don't even support the omni-mobile mixer anymore.
@DouglasDrouillard where does it stall?
during the process, or rather, what's the last line you see while it's stalling
Hmm
We're planning a sprint on speeding up the build process
A major part of it will be switching projects to use libsass instead of compass once libsass becomes more compliant
the other part of it will be optimizing the host checking.
And then there's all kinds of crazy other things we can do, but we still have to think of those
@LV stil no linux instructions =(
trust me, I tried :p
@HellYeahMyNameIsScarey that's a dup, I commented
no worries
original what?
ticket? I commented on the ones you guys did with the original ticket
Yeah, it should be in a comment on the one you guys opened
yup
lol
smallest learning curve of any programming language ever
omg, so pro
=(
?
oh
yeah, what do you want to do with it?
I know what you're talking about.
the machine that is
just log in, and run the vms that are there.
I can help mobilize...in 20 minutes
I can take a trip to wallgreens and buy balloons and stuff
woops, wrong window
ho hum
what mac version are you running?
and sdk version?
Hmm, oh, you need to build the clibs first if you haven't done that yet
weeeeird
did you perchance update your OS recently?  Or ran some kind of system updates?
Hmmm, try building the clibs again
still broken? hmm
hmmm
when are you gettting the libyaml error, on what step?
right, thats all of them
oh
weird
type uname -a in the terminal?
weird
so you have a 32 bit mac machine
Hmmm
I wonder if somewhere in the code we assume that mac builds are 64 bit...
although
make should detect that
how old is your laptop?
is it a powerpc?
or intel?
Hmm
ok
@superkev what version of Go are you usin?
k
and you mentioned that you could build before, but only recently you coudlnt'?
were you using the same go version then?
try using go1.0.3
What's the string trim thing error?
wait...did you used to use our gems before?
on that same laptop?
or the brew install?
yeah
and it worked fine, right?
and running it
weeeeeird
we only support 64 bit mac
but your mac claims to be 32 bit
yeah, it probably is 64 bits
but for some reason, it says it's 32
which doesn't make sense
hrmrmrm
can you try restarting it?  Not sure what that'll do, but something is definitely funky
@iceman is this right now?
can you show me the output of the console?
as well as the exact command you ran
oh, weird
if you do a moov generate on the command line it should be fine.
the page looks fine to me
Hmm, I was just able to generate a project through console, everything looked good.
ahh
@cneale (iseewhatyoudidthere)
Yeah, do what Chris said.
I believe it's it getting kicked out of the cache
lemme make sure of that
@LV yup, it's logged when a slug gets kicked out of the cache
@LV no, just tell him to try again
we had issues, I fixed them, they should be good now
@joshmorin plz try again, srykthnxbai
cool
@enahs le sad
well
one hamster
actually two, I'm in there :p
I haven't killed anything :p
I'm but a silent observer in the buildbox
I touch nothing, but tail -f everything
? for mens wearhouse?  I figure because shane tried to kick off another one?
wait
the latest one passed
v50 passed
should be good >.>
nooooooo
ok
now we wait again :p
504? when you watch it where?
You mean after clicking rebuild?
ah
file a bug
dude, 51 failed
someone kicked off 52?
I see
well
52 looks good
so
lets not touch it
the only slow part of the build was CDN :p
noice
it does two...weird
nother bug to file.
I'll file that one.
or maybe
I'll just comment on the one shane made
<3 bugs
hahaha
HIRED
Please do our QA job, kthnxbai
I will pay you in empanadas
only on mondays
I can do chicken if you really want to, I was gonna do cheese and onion ones
job well done
@enahs best qa
best qa (content)
what about it are you confused?
yeah, that's expected
oh wait
that's weird
you're looking at a different project:
you're hitting the project above
The CNAME's pointing to eachother is funky on their end, but at the end of the day, the cname points to our infra, and our infra does the correct thing
Is it DNS lesson time?
yep
our box ip
and that IP
can handle any project
which project it choses to handle
depends on the original host
as long as the IP is pointing to our infra
it doesn't matter
all clusters in our infra can handle any project
now
if they wanted to setup SSL
then they'd be fucked
SSL is a per box thing
so if they want SSL, we need to put their cert in a particular box, and then setup their CNAME to point to that box
in this case, it would break because their using the CNAME of a different project
rather than their own CNAME
questions?
Yeah, I saw it
will do that soon
it's been a busy mornin
morning*
holy freaking godly shit
(soawesome)
@JajaB should we do the same for slug syncing?  the PR was only for assets
Yeah, let's do it.
lemme see, how do I run the sync script if I only want to sync the single slug?
k, will add that bit
pretty decent, got cut in half
try one out
git pushes are pretty speedy now
yup yup!
Hmm
when did you push?
that doesn't work, it's just "moov version"
@hcatlin that doesn't help me :p
Hmm, so early this morning, around 8am
I see, but the project is normally deployed using libsass then?
weird
If you rebuilt already, the old logs are wiped
No, we only keep the most recent build
lol
no, it's fine...what exactly was the symptom though, I'm still unclear about that.
what was the actual error we were seeing?
ah
so it sounds like a caching issue
yeah, that's bazaar, it's possible that asset syncing might've failed the first time around?  I know Josh has changed the way we sync assets just yesterday
cool, we just pushed a fix
um
not sure yet
I need some input on that too
regarding the no-rewriter mixer
yeah
so
we'd need the customer to set an origin cname
so
www.josh.com would point to origin.josh.com
no
so
when we hit origin.josh.com
no rewriting will happen
Host header will still read "www.josh.com"
so the server running in origin.josh.com can create links accordingly (to www.josh.com)
our delta gregs has remained the same.
basically, yeah
yeah
there has to be something on the request that determines which project it belongs to
yeah, but then the real question is, how to set the cookie to begin with.
Yeah, I guess I'm worried about the MPS figuring out which project it is part :p
if multiple projects can be linked to a host...
I guess
there could be markers
we have to have a default project for a host
but then
the cookie overrides it
maybe a URL parameter also overrides it?
If we have those two things
we should be able to determine it
Hmmm, yeah, I think that's still up in the air
cool
thanks jaja
I'll update the script again
no guarantees
is a good policy to have :p
Hmm
@JajaB still around? not sure what the problem was...
also, why didn't hipchat email me about this -.-
ends this week
Friday is last day of the sprint
there's no correct sass gem
we've never locked it
so for every new release, we've always used the latest sass
for that particular release
If you're asking what version of the sass gem is running when you push a project
I can tell you that
sass 3.1.17
yeah
that's compass/sass for you
not much we can do there
if it's a new project, you can use libsass, it's much much faster
sadface
@JajaB was at CPR training, in now
what's up?
it's not updating slugs?
It's possible the slug daemon update thread might've died =/
Though I thought we took precautions to make sure that wouldn't happen
oh?
what did you do to fix it?
Hmm
lemme check
Yeah...
I'll make a ticket for it.
I do not understand what any of that means
:p
ah
lol
at this point it sounds like everything is game :p
omg
do it
I want to see it too!
wait
what's our legal bounds right now/
?
>.>
no
I refuse
to cheer up
jenkins has no gvm
I'm sad
lol
I guess we installed it manually on the other guys
last time
I don't think gvm was puppet controlled
:p
so how do you want to do this?
lol
looks like you were able to keep the same hostname?
oh, no
lol
if you were gonna make new hostnames
you could've named them something better :p
like
oh shit
wait
the linux node needs to be ubuntu 10.04 LTS
it's 12.04 right now =(
well
that is
if we want to support 10.04+, we need to build on 10.04
If we build for 12.04, we only support 12.04+
yeah, we dealt with this issue when we first set them up
It's why we couldn't build on the master node
and we had to use the slave which was older
Yeah, I think it's the version of the standard libraries that are linked when we compile our clibs
so when we compile our clibs on 12.04, it links to whatever version of the stdlib that 12.04 has
and that version doesn't exist in 10.04
but it's forwards compatible, so 10.04 versions are (soft linked) to the latest lib or something like that.
by the way
I heard that you taught the bot to handle points?
so if I say
@JajaB +1000
you haz 1000 points now?
=(
Maybe I'll make a bot that listens to the social room.
and just keeps track of points :p
anywho
before you break down the new jenkins box
lemme ask Sean and Hampton if we care about supporting 10.04
I mean
it's pretty old
12.04 is pretty old too, right? when did that come out?
yeah
so 10.03 is three years before 12.04
ah
neat
ah, so 12.04 is still the latest LTS
so there's probably a lot of people still running 10.04
=/
ok
yeah, sorry, it didn't even occur to me until after I saw the version in jenkins
yeah, but that just means that it doesn't get any more updates
people can still run it.
Hmm
we can talk about the benefits/etc..
I'm fine with using the latest
but we hsould document
such a negative nancy :p
anyways, I guess we can run a simple test
just to make sure I'm not full of shit
yeah, if we can do that, that's fine.
but yeah, the end use case is just being able to run our stuff in 10.04+
however we do that, I don't think anyone would care :p
also, @JajaB have you been looking at caesium, we're pretty close to finally running functions :p
nah, you can kill it
anyways, pair programming time
goodbye!
1.0.3 is the important one now
Hmm, lemme see
looks better ^.^
they're two different things I think
whenever a build comes in
we zip it up
and store it there
that's used for rollback deploys
yeah, that's what I said :p
but people said it was fine for now
Hmmm
it's been
probably a month?
you can delete anything that's not a zip file in there
I know there's some directories in there
you can delete those
just keep the ####.zip files
yeah....
it needs to be a proper file server
it came from that
yeah
i guess the ebs volume was for testing
not sure if we want to productize it now
It's a 1TB volume, so we have time
Talked to Laurent, he said there's still time to think about the proper solution, it's not just storage, but also how it will be maintained in the future, like, we should only be keeping the latest X builds for every project, not everything, so those parts should also be put into place before we decide how we'll store things.
cool :p
I removed a bunch of unused dirs
now it's only 14 GB ^.^
anyways, back to pairing!
I brought that same thing up!!!
I wanted to store things by directory
but they told me to forget that and just store it all in one dir as the build id -.-
GAH!
screw the name!
man*
>.> man, you need to be in more of these conversations so that I'm not the only one saying this stuff to people :p
-.-
alrighty, back to pair programming!
Hmm
not worried about building packages
but more so about building the clibs
and making sure their dependencies are appropriately met.
oh?
hmmm
is it like a virtual machine of sorts?
oooh
oh my
it's like you've taken my breadth away
installing it now, gonna play around with it.
hmmm
gonna have to learn how to use it...first time I ran the command it failed
ah, I need debootstrap adn devscripts
yeah
hmm
this is a lot to play around with for now...my head is not feeling great today, I'll try to look into it later though
yeah
seems simple enough, just got drowned in docks and got a headache while reading it
but no biggie, I'll look at it tomorrow
hahahha
also, yay @JajaB how does it work?
okie dokie
so it'll output that to the console?
also, what are the exit code statuses that I should worry about?
so keep the build going even if cache flush fails?
Hmmmm, fair enough
but shoudl probably log it somewhere?
gotcha
er
you mean edgecast?
yeah, we're doing that
right right
yup
we are
sweet
and....I should probably only flush the varnish caches after we upload and sync the new slug
lol
ok
oh yeah, the MPS cache
lol
I worked so hard
to tune down the build time
I refuse to add a sleep 15 :p
yeah, true
Yeah....
yeah
@JajaB what do you think about forking a process that sleeps 10 seconds and then runs the flush cache?
k
hmm
do you know how to guarantee that a subprocess I spawn in ruby does not get killed when the parent dies?
I guess I can do fork, I was hoping for a more elegant way :p
yeah, I guess I'll do fork, :p
yup yup, alrighty :p
cool
I'm still not done with the code :p
is that really bad?
k
lol
heheh
ha
I'm game for all production level logs that personally insult me.
oooh, link to ticket?
nice
that is the most adorable thing i've ever seen
woots
Figured it wouldn't hurt to have a another pair of eyes on this
cool, merging.
ready to check?
/me is about to push
ooh
ok
whaaaa
did it log an error (it should've)
of course
waits 10 seconds :p
should be roughly 10 seconds after the push is over since we do it at the very end
Hmm
hmm
but if it's getting flushed at all
it means that it's being called
weeeeeeird
maybe Process.detach changes the name of it?
hmm?
I see
so it might not be calling it after all
hmm
gah
blaaaaaah
blah
that means i need to make a shell script that wraps the logging and execute that from the fork
with nohup
I see
but that loses the logging
nope
Might wrap everything into a separate ruby script and execute that with nohup
Hmmmmm
We don't have the hostnames at that level
but yeah, I'll figure something out
I'd do it now, but we're heading to a Go meetup soon
Yup, no worries.
thanks!
will do
ooooh
that might be better ^.^
hahaha
alrighty, later
@Z I took a quick look at the sterlingjewlers project, it seems like everything is setup ok, but they don't have our IP address white listed, so when our servers try to hit them, we just time out
at least that's what my intuition is
why not?
oh wait
are you saying that the space is there?
oh
yeah
that's a fail
complain to the apollos
@cneale Shane has complaints for you.
I agree, we should check that the input for that is relatively close to a real domain.
supposed to copy to clipboard
yeah
I've complained about that too
holy shit
@GGTY is on fire
and yet, you're able to recall all these tickets.
<3 redbull zero
(content)
sounds like a bad idea
sounds like a worse idea
@MattMo for the absolutize_src ticket, did you want to use \z or \Z?
the ticket says \z, but I think \Z makes more sense?
\z and \Z are slightly different
so
/hi\Z/
will match
"hi"
and "hi\n"
/hi
sorry
/hi\z/
will only match "hi"
right, exactly
\z is end of string
so you have to be explicit
with the new line
so to match "hi\n"
with lower case z
you have to say
/hi\\n\z/
but capital Z let's you have a new line in there or not
or rather, it will match it with a new line or without
Hmm
Hmm, now that I think about it, lower case z might be more appropriate for this case
ok, well, @G3 replaced ^ adn $ with \A and \z
show meeeeee
ouchies
ok
we'll keep it at \z for now.
sorry
was investigating
hmm
HmmmI think that since it's a lowercase z, it would capture everything once as a whole
@MattMo http://rubular.com/r/lubNZloQKL
oh
so
if you don't have the "m" option
then it would not match at all
they do if you use lazy string match
Hrmrmr
or maybe not
what happened?
ew, tritium bug?
file ticket!
*goes back to making coffee*
Lemme benchmark it
Cool
weeeeee
@JajaB thanks
@JajaB wait, seriously?
I was planning on just using them as they were, you didn't have to do that!
But thanks!
lol
thanks
1.0 is the one we support
You can haz all the features!
(allthethings)
We output that info in the stats I think
Slug cache size
Yeah, prolly useage, I can double check when I'm back in the office
@SeanJ it was a mixer change, reassigned to Greg P, we've discussed the issues, new mixer will be released by today, including tests.
omg
I want to cry
is this a customer issue?
like, a live issue right now/
yes
Hm, what error are you seeing?
oh dear
that's not good
lemme investigate
k
@aparna the Mixer.lock file for that project is malformatted
it needs a space between the version and the name
Cool
np
?
if it's a rebuild, it doesn't show a commit hash
yup
eh
that's weird
looks like a brew bug
run brew update, hopefully it's fixed in a newer release
yeah
lol
I'll make the changes soon
evaluating...
@hcatlin code looks fine.  I like the initiative and drive that was necessary to code that.  I don't really care that much about the quality of hte code itself, but more so about the individual.
Good coding practices can always be taught to good people
I like the concept, he's basically doing part of what we did, the git deploy system, and then the server architecture
It is a little messy, pretty messy actually, but I assume all personal projects are messy
If you're working on something on your own, it'll always be messy
But it's really cool.  I approve on the coding regard.
@hcatlin something I would love to ask him is how he would feel about rewriting it from scratch.  What would he change, would he change anything? What would be better/worse
Oh? You mean like this beauty? https://github.com/mdayaram/gitsy
(allthethings)
Let's get that guy in here for an interview STAT
Give them everything they ask for!
Yeah
I agree
although
I like that you can run go source code without compiling it
using go run
obviously it compiles it on the fly
and then runs it
but have the command to do that is pretty neat
lol :p
what meeting?
wait, we're meeting about something?
(rdcry)
It's ok, I'll just cry myself in my new corner
what's it about?
maybe I should crash it
ahhh
I would crash, but I guess I'm too busy
btw
@JajaB did you know I'm leaving for nearly all of November?
@cneale
@cneale
@cneale
(catbug)
@all bye for most of November!
pictures will be taken if i don't forget to pack my camera!
@aparna yeah, the update is done =)
Thanks (content)
more is to come! hopefully the upcoming updates will go as seamlessly as this one >.>
oooh
I've seen some stuff in SFO regarding hello kitty
but not this particular one
they have a dress made of hello kitty-type plushes in sfo
ooh, I like the polaroid-like camera (content)
marcipan? Interesting
isn't that just like candy?
there's no way to get around the prompt other than setting the cookie
you can set the cookie under .moovapp.com, and that will work
you can do it from any website under moovapp
is the website that's hosting the iframe not under moovapp?
then clicking OK on the original prompt (the one that takes you to the main website should add the cookie under .moovapp.com
so the iframe should just work
is that not the case?
oh, sorry, I misread
Hmm, yeah, sorry, don't know what to tell you.  Only way to bypass the prompt is by having that cookie set
you could do...
in the config.json
have something like
hostmap: "mycompletely.differentsite.com => bar.com"
where mycompletely.differentsite.com is a domain that you own
and setup DNS for that
while the upstream is the site that you don't own
yeah
okie dokie, cool
cool
@MichaelCatlin can prolly help you with that
@bkendz @Cagri @enahs @iceman @aparna and anyone else I'm forgetting, the dev leads meeting is in dog path, it's the room next to what used to be Tarun's office
Oh my
so, should be correcting this
give me two minutes
@bkendz can you try now, 2.0.218 should be fine now
woot
This looks exactly the same as campfire
okie doke
cool
Can i delete my campfire account?
I want to experiment for forever
I'm totally on the boat on hipchat
Link test!
http: //www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&ved=0CFQQtwIwAA&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3Dytc9-wGCHW0&ei=kTLFT4mRHdPjsQLtrqXhCg&usg=AFQjCNHLlZW306WGrQBFD8ai074qUXLsWA
It didn't include the video in the chat =(
Link test with an image!
http: //i.qkme.me/3phxbf.jpg
w00t, at least that works
Excellent
*officially closes campfire tab*
did you download the app?
I just use the web ui
I hate adobe air
That's terrifying
btw
If any of you use pandora
and hate the adobe air desktop app
I recommend pithos
So you just need first names?
@manoj
@noj
fail
how can i turn notifications off?
They're starting to annoy me..
cool
Yeah
the notifications could be better in Linux, not sure how they are in mac
anyways, training time
adios
hey guys!  I'm in the training!
Sean is talking
and now he's gone
Tarun took over
#liveupdates
Tarun:   First ttraining, rough around the edges
Michael and Yvonne showed up late
mad disruption
Ajay is peering through the window
Not currently, I thought you mentioned that people using the gems have their environment set up with local clibs, so I didn't include them, but it's easy enough to include I think.
yeah
Not sure who makes the call, but either option should be viable
Tarun explain Moovweb origins
yeah
Tarun:   Explaining three steps of our technology
1) website virtualization
2) First class front end dev
3) power...the slide changed =(
Oh man, Tarun whipped out his linux VM
Showing off the nytimes project
Comments from the crowd:   "That's so cool!"
Your name is the name in the author of th egem : p
ha
Michael's up
He's rubbing his arms a lot.
nervousness
moov generate works for 3.4.57!
Well, I dunno, I'm just saying : p
Michael has started a text editor war
It was short lived
yeah
No casulties.
moov server works (as long as you spell wikipedia correctly)!
oh oh
Changing something in main.scss did not update the page =(
hmm, ok, so the debian package does not come with compass and all those other things, those still have to be installed separately
I'm a sad panda right now
things are not working on the latest 3.4 package as smoothly as I hoped
I laugh internally
but serious face on the outside
no success for me yet =9
I even fail at emoticons
Z is installing 1.9.2 in my laptop, hopefully will cure my problems.
vagrant?
I...do not...know
If you mean production machines, you should ask Chris, I don't think we have a standard dev machine setup
Nah, they just gave me a blank laptop, had to install everything i wanted myself : p
Yeah, I don't think we  have anything setup for devs
logging.go
That was Z
compiling of 1.9.2 failed
my computer hates me
sad face
yay
You need more naps in your life
http://www.instablogsimages.com/1/2012/03/26/metronaps_energypod_image_title_dhcby.jpg
We need these in the office
memes?  that's a real nap pod sir.
I was the biggest supporter for nap rooms in Salesforce :p
Naps are power man.
Specially when they're power naps.
You? nap mvp/
That's for sure, you're terrible at it now.
Man, and now you're actually fighting to avoid naps, what happened to you man?
Naps always win
I took a nap when I got back home from work today.  when i woke up, i realized everything I was doing was wrong, and started redoing it the right way :p
Well, hopefully the right way, maybe I should take another nap to confirm.
yup
nice
I put the deb stuff on hold, the package itself works fine, the warning is just scary if you're using the UI
As for Apollo, I believe the problem is that nojenkins can't talk to nosaka
I'm gonna run some tests later today to make sure of that.
Yeah, versioned mixers will be in place by the end of tonight
True, but we should hopefully have it going by middle of tomorrow
Yups, well, that's my hope anyways
alrighty
night
I thought varnish was not handled by manhattan
ah
that's weird, how does the sdk know to use it if there's no command line flag for it?
Just uses it automatically?
So as someone running the sdk, how would I turn varnish on now?
Oh, ok, so the bug is that the option is gone, got it
Should be in the git history too, right?
yup
later
windows 2000 is my goto windows
Also because they have very poor piracy detection, so it's easy to get working copies of it for mad cheaps >.>
And by mad cheaps, I mean free <.<
@hampton packages are in nosakafs01
I leave the rest to you my good sir.
Yup
Yeah...we talked about it before
I thought the assumption was that we would only support linux 12.04 and higher
which comes with glibc 2.14+
Yeah man, we're the bleeding cutting edge.
haha
but yeah, we're gonna bundle glibc now
so lesser versions will now be supported.
We're all about making people happy
It'll just make the package pretty big.
Alternatively
We could have an installer
which checks what libraries are already installed
and only pulls/compiles the ones that aren't already there.
Mornin' matt
Yeah, we can probably add glibc to the debian package pretty easily with depends
but for the gem/brew, we would have to include it in there.
right
I'm assuming everything we're bundling right now we're modifying
glibc, we would just include as is
ugh
which makes the build process uglier
dammit glibc
Oh man, nearly all the work I do is trying to prettify it :p
@sean what do you mean?
ha
^ My reaction to standing desks
@sean here is a gem with the libs in it
Try it out, let me know if all goes well
I guess that would make it a different gem actually.
Is it as easy as go test rails?
go test all the things
Also, standing desks kill you just as much as sitting desks
http://lifehacker.com/5840754/forget-the-standing-desk-you-just-need-to-move-regularly
@jaja
@jaja
fail
hipchat should have an option to only beep/notify if someone mentions your name
=(  I don't want to use their air app either...
Sound off in general it is!
@hampton are you using the web client?
what browser?
then it's a linux fail
Yeah, for me, checking/unchecking that turns sounds for all messages on/off
same with jaja
I'm back
(troll)
oh man
you can upload your own emoticons?
brilliant
I know what I'm going to do tonight
='(
@hampton can you give me and @mat admin access so we can add some wicket emoticons?
@sean ignore previous messages about gems.
@sean This gem works in linux, give it a try in mac
@hampton No, you're paying us to emoticon and MORE
(dosequis)
@hampton is everything OK on the apollo end for the packages?
Excellent. (indeed)
ok, I think that's gonna have to wait for an OK from @sean
so apprently
my computer hates me
the debian packages work fine in jaja's comp
but complain in mine
so
yeah
I do not
What linux versions would you like to test it on?
Ok
The current one is LTS, both me and Josh have it and it works fine there
I'll grab virtualbox and test it out in a few couple of different versions of ubuntu and debian
jaja is gone
forevers
sad face
now I am gone to
it just doesn't end
why is everyone leaving you?
good bye
it's in manhattan
err
it's called by the data.py script
so jenkins script calls data.py
Hmm, I really like the email feature of hipchat
Hmm
I'll take a looksy, did you change the syntax of creating the tritium package?
Hmm, looks like the package job failed because fpm failed...which is weird...
ah
it's a repeat job
ok
should succeed this time.
It'll automatically get kicked off
yup
actually
so
if there's a job, say tritium forexample
We can add a post hook
which will search all jobs in jenkins, check for their dependencies, and kick them off if tritium is in there
The script to do that is available
But right now the only job we have is manhattna
manhattan
so it's not really being used
sure
Hmmm
Yeah, m-build triggers m-package and m-gem
Sorry, i don't understand the reasoning behind having m-package trigger the gem?
oh
neither run tritium package
tritium package is run by the ambrosia job
(to create the libxml.tpkg file, so that we can make the mixers)
yeah
So the mixers are made by ambrosia job
and then both m-package and m-gem pull the latest mixer from a common location
sorry, I must've misunderstood
or depending on when you asked me, that used to be true
It was pulled out into its own job yesterday
That's where the mixers get dumped
If you've updated the ambrosia project, then the omni-mobile-mxr job should run on its own.
and the gem job just pulls the latest mixer from there
ah
Ok
yeah, ok, I get it now
Yeah, so what we can do is add a job for tritium, and then add a post hook to build ambrosia
Ok.
Hmm, I'm having some trouble trying to get the virtual machines to work
in my virtual box that is
I'm thinking of just spinning up some amazon ec2 instances and just checking the packages there instead.
If QA's use mac, we might want to make parallels disk images then.
I think virtual box will let you create whatever, but parallels and vmware will only read their formats
Actually, let me try vmware instead of virtual box, might be more reliable
cool
Yeah, the issue with virtual box is that it doesn't like my laptop =(
But I got ISOs for the past three debian and ubuntu versions...so if we have a normal laptop, it should work just fine.
trying things out in aws for now
k
later
yup
@sean Here's a gem built from jenkins2
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
btw
when are we gonna have admin access
so we can add our own emoticons
hmmmmmmmmmM?
ha
=(
I have like
40
or more
that I'd like to add
to adequately express all emotions I could ever feel
You can just admin me to add the emoticons
and then you can unadmin me
woa woa
you would relinquish such power?
That seems unwise.
no logs on private chats?
w00
I'll add the emoticons tonight
cause now is work time
Admin all the things! (allthethings)
coffee and coke go surprisingly well together
coffee tends to make me drowsy
I think it's because of my college overdose of it
drank a lot of bawls
http: //2.bp.blogspot.com/_Wz6ZG7zpH1U/TGRkadq2yAI/AAAAAAAAAVc/l4HFr9Gtw_0/s1600/Bawls.jpg
Which, btw, we should totally stock
I'm sure no one would mind if we spend the money we spend on normal coke for bawls, no?
@hampton told me I was the only one who drank the normal coke
I am fine with it going in exchange for bawls
airgo, bawls it is
you will learn to love bawls
I mean, just look at that wicked ass bottle
I can live with that
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
table flip
indeed
(indeed)
(ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻
angrier table flip
DON'T PUT MY TABLES BACK
(ノ °益°)ノ ︵ (\﻿ .o.)\
*flips a michael*
Yeah, you wanna fight about it?
ლ(｀ー´ლ)
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
(☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞
@hampton one day you should jump kick the pinata
I don't know why, but I feel like jump kicking things is a hampton thing now
@jaja What do you mean by the libxml repo being wrong?
I see
So we just had an older version?
I thought we were altering libxml2
which is why we had our own repo
is that not the case?
aaaaaaaaaaaaaah
@jaja, you mean you made a new repo, or a branch?
Hmm
nothing some (tea) can't fix
tea
fixes all the things
(allthethings)
Hmm
@jaja, so we should probably just cherry-pick their updates and merge them to our current repo?
the hell was that
oh, twitter link
I see
but it wont have our changes?
http: //twitter.com/EmergencyPuppy/status/207565820182806528
ah
ok, no worries
then, I thought you mentioned before that we did a lot of changes
Excellent (indeed)
cool
They do if they're....special comments
preproc comments?
cool!
lol
Hmm
I wonder
will that mess with the current jenkins job linked to that repo?
It's cool, if I clear the workspace, it should be fine, right?
k
Let me know when it's done and I'll clear the workspace in nojenkins and jenkins2
btw, @hampton, if anything, you are unweird.
I'm ready
Let's do it
I love me some sweet dde64081f9440b898cd856fad99bd8b7ede6b39a
fail, but for a different reason =(
Do you know what that error is jaja?
ok...but it failed in linux too =/
ok
looks like in mac we also need libtool
Hmm?
It has libtool?
k
Lets see
@jaja what happened?  Me and Z were troubleshoothing something
@jaja, I can ssh into the mac and install stuff, what do you need there?
?
Hmm
sure, give me a minute, need to test some golog
cool
sorry, was in and out troubleshooting some golog stuff
which btw, @hampton, it's not only a palindrome, but also our new awesome logging framework
@jaja, the linux one seems like it's good too
cool
spam control, crazy
lame
You're only allowed to have 25 custom icons...
so sad
(rdcry)
sad
ok
(lunagasp)
yeah
cool
naptime
Cool
Jenkins is all happy again
binaries run everywhere above 10.04
versions are being consistent
everyone is happy
woo
(flutteryay)
kk, goodnight.
Yup, had a nice night's sleep last night.  Feeling super energized.
I feel like I could solve anything
PROBLEMS! SEND THEM TO ME!
(indeed)
(soawesome)
(ppshrug)
By the admin powers vested in me by Hampton Caitlin, I have added custom emoji!
I'm making a list
>.>
viola
http://emo.hazasite.com/
I stole that other guy's website
and then added the custom ones I added
yeah
(sotrue)
(scootacheer)
zoom
Well, generall intalls actually
installs*
Took longer than 120 to get the deb
brew
makes me very sad
No, not just that
we changed the fileness
filenames*
so no more _amd64 prefixes
so that the default for brew is fine
But there are other issues
which I'm working on
which make me sad
because of brew
=(
(rdcry)
Right, either way, changes in apollo will have to happen
We opted to changing the filenames
As opposed to adding a version tag in the brew formula
Hmm, we probably should've consulted you to find out which was easier for you =x
Which one do you prefer actually, cause it's easy enough to change it back in our end.
Okie doke
then that's done
Right, but we haven't deployed the newest files to apollo yet, we won't until you fix the file lookup.
do you get what i mean?
byes
https://a248.e.akamai.net/assets.github.com/images/error/angry_unicorn.png?1315928456
@sean, I tested 132 debian and gem on linux and mac, also tested the brew package by using dropbox, they all look good.
Already got rid of it, but I can set it up again easily enough
@Sean https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/moovweb.rb
inside the gem?
s/(.*?)\.dll\.a/$1.dll/
It gave you no choice to install for everyone? =(
sad face
(rdcry)
(derpwizard)
http://emo.hazasite.net/
(troll)
(gtfo)
@jaja know anything about moov compile? (indeed)
where can I haz see compile code?
Why the long face, @jaja ?
Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, subsidized LSD for moovweb employees?
it wen't right through me
01001001001000000111011101101001011100110110100000100000010010010010000001100011011011110111010101101100011001000010000001110011011100000110010101100001011010110010000001101001011011100010000001100101011011100110011101101100011010010111001101101000001011100010111000101110
http://i.qkme.me/3pmj68.jpg
(flutteryay)
@zhigang 184.169.222.83
@hampton no worries, I fixed it by simply deleting/recreating the global gemset.
I did, Michael has the right link
emo.hazasite.com should also work.
...until it ends in failure.
Yeah...a decent amount of stuff will have to change to accomodate windows on the build tools.
That's fine
also
Does windows have a tool like ldd?
We're using ldd and otool to only include the specific shared libraries that we use
to cut down the size of the packages.
I noticed we now have a libyaml
We're just racking these guys up.
oh?
Hmm
ok
fair enough
of course not
too free for my blood
What hacks are we currently employing?
ah, for the ssl issue, sorry, didn't read the context.
Yeah, I figured we'll be getting a lot of build breakages as you play around with windows
It's fine by me, this is the time where we have to iron these things out anyways.
I went ahead and changed most of the build scripts to be windows friendly, at least the ones you missed anyways :p
I saw your comment about that
What kind of error do you get?
lol
that sucks
Hmm
That would be pretty nice
would it cause more problems though?
Yeah, that sucks, I liked the fact that we could use the same IFS as normal path dirs in unix.
Hmm
So what's a good IFS then?
Hmm
You know
given all these issues
I wonder if it's worthwhile creating an environment in the build scripts for windows
So that the build script sources it
and it sets all these little things
Right now I guess it would only set the IFS token
Hmm
Okie doke, but if we have to add one more thing, I'd rather outsource it all into a windows environment file
:p
ugh
This means
that we'll need to stick if windows, use ;, else use : everywhere
freshen?
Not sure where this freshen things comes into play though, but yeah, that's right.
Here, I'll add the token, and submit, and I'll remove your check at the top
right
I see
so building just does the exe, and we don't need to package anything, it's already done.
VERSION var should be available to you depending what target you're running
Is this during hte push?
Yeah, that's fine, we might have to if they differ too much
Hmmm, can you do a write up of the entire flow of making a windows exe and all the things that go along with it?
I want to get a better idea of the process to know where we need to stick it in to our current system.
ok
and once we have the manhattan.exe, what else do we need?
And setup.exe will include manhattan.exe plus the clibs
and will install them in some location.
ok
I see, so the packaging needs to be done in the windows box.
that's fine.
not even with wine? :p
That's fine.
I recommend you put the packaging stuff into a wininstall script under the build directory, do you know how the hierarchy works?
wininstall, or winpkg, whatever
Yeah, we still need to put the steps to package it somewhere, where are they now?
Cool, so we just need to supply those env vars, update the files, and call isbuild
sounds good
Ok, so lets set up those steps so that we can do it using nogo
so if you're inside manhattan
Hmm
Perhaps we should make a separate repo?
k
and I'll fix the IFS stuff
oh? I did not.  What does that entail, is it complicated?
I guess what i'm getting at is if it's worth upgrading or not
btw @josh looks like we have some security issues
Is the windows machine managed by Chris?  If so, we need to ask him to add the public key in puppet
cool, but looks like everything else is good
yup yup, i are the sillies.
regarding protobuf
yeah
the IFS part is a little janky
but it'll do I suppose
cool
Becuase that's basically the same thing
only that you want to restrict it to run in windows only
Excellent
oh
I sees a problem
You changed the build.py script to output an .exe
Cool
oh?
I thought --login was only necessary for the ssh command
man, freaking windows.
>.<
anyways, gonna get lunchies, be back in a bit.
@jaja even if we put the path in quotes?
Yeah, it is....
Hmm
I see
This is weird though, that means that rsync would never work in windows
Cause it would always thing you're using the c protocol
What's the version of rsync that we have in mingw?
says nothing about windows -.-  sad face
I see
Yeah, I guess we'll have to have a separate env for windows.
screw this, let's go home
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyltK6pmJGg
lol
in all seriousness, this is major suckage.
It's going to cause me to rewrite the build scripts like for the 50th time
I hate building
It makes me cry at night.
(rdcry)
OK, give me an hour or so while I try to come up with a new design for this nonsense
sounds good
@jaja whenever you get back, why do you prepend an "x" when checking if uname is equal to MINGW32...?
if [[ "x`uname`" == "xMINGW32_NT-6.1" ]]; then
What's up with that?
ok
This is what I got, feel free to chime in with suggestions
Right now, the nogo script sources a bunch of environment scripts based on the name of the project, the environment (dev or jenkins) given via the command line, and the command (build, push, test, deb, etc...)
Ultimately, all these scripts are set up either in the env directory or the targets/<cmd>/ directory
And they all *should* just set up the vars in order to make the actual script work.
Right now we had the actual command scripts being separated the same way, but that doesn't really make sense, as in, it's unlikely that they stuff you'll be doing is different in jenkins than it is in dev, it's just the input that is different
so I'm going to differ those guys in the OS part
and ok, yeah, what I said doesn't really sound like it makes sense, but if you got it, feedback would be good, but otherwise, I think it's pretty decent.
I'll get started on that.
I believe this is already in seans radar
I tried to play around with it myself, but couldn't get too far.
There was only one code change between 122 and 136, so it shoudl not be too bad.
I see
really?
"" == "" is not valid bash?
That seems silly
What do you mean?
ah
yeah
so if you don't use quotes, it's useful, but with quotes, it's not needed, got it.
silly bash
I should fix that elsewhere too then
also
why [[ stuff ]] instead of just [ stuff ]?
Yup, I use it everywhere
Hasn't let me down yet =x
Actually, let me check if it works in mingw real quick, maybe it's a bash version thing
yup, works fine
btw
That's the jenkins windows box, right?
link didn't work
er
ok
nvm
yeah, I just saw a link and was compelled to click it :p
What's the jenkin's user pass?
oh?  What's the user that does all the building?
ah, what's the admin pass?
@jaja If you pull the latest
in manhattan
And only machines running in windows will call that one, and everyone else will call push.sh
That way we can keep things separate, but equal
Cause we're all operating systemists here.
MOCHA!
wow wow wow
Mr. fancy pants
also
@jaja, are you just going to convert the paths from c:\ to \c\ in the push@windows.sh script?
If so, I'd like to check the IFS value to colon to keep things cleaner.
yay, let me know when you're done, in case you change your mind, and if it's all good, I'll change it back
Looks good to me
oh
you might want to do that before the loop
since the loop breaks it apart with IFS
lame sauce
i hate my windows life
https://twitter.com/#!/search/realtime/%23fmwl
yeah...
Hmm, @hampton, the binaries, packages, etc... are sorted by gitbranch
or rather, organized in a subfolder corresponding to their git branch
BOOM is windows fucking finally playing nice
yup
well
right now we have git branches for releases
so
release_3.4
oh, you're talking about how we install it?
Well, for brew, brew sets the directory structure for us
So how are we planning on doing that update?
Sounds good
yeah
Well
Are you saying you want to force upgrade sdk customers?
But what if they don't want to upgrade?
I see.
and just change it around with a link
lol
Yeah, we need to talk about that too
The current way we package mixers is a little weird.
err
well
right now
I'm putting them in a data directory under the install dir
but we should really just dump them into ~/.manhattan
and we shoudl also rename ~/.manhattan into ~/.moovweb
I see
Sounds good
I like that
so
Are you saying something like
when you start moov, and it checks with apollo, apollo tells it to self update?
In terms of installs, we can always do something like /usr/local/Cellar/moovweb/3.5
/usr/local/Cellar/moovweb/3.4
/usr/local/Cellar/moovweb/current -> 3.5
And then we run everything off of current.
yay unix
not sure if we can do the same on winnie
Also, don't know enough about brew to know if it'll let us do that, but I think we're swithcing to a normal mac installer, so it should be fine then.
oh
oh
I just remembered
I assume we can tell it to dump our files in whatever layout we want.
Hmmm
Well, it depends
we can create a dmg
and then have a Moov.app
or we can create an install package
that just follows our directions (I assume)
Need to look into it more, but I think it's much like installshield.
I'm intrigued
Hmmm
I'm not sure if it's worth it
Before we spend time playing with it
I like the fact that right now we're outputting customized packages for each platform.
It's a pain in the ass for us
but it's awesome for our users
if I'm in linux, I just install a debian pacakge
windows, just an installer
mac, it's just brew
I don't want to create more headaches for our users if they have to install some extra stuff in order to run our installer
Well, what is stopping mac from installing it out of the box?  Is it the lack of xcode and brew?
because of glibc?
We still need glibc
if glibc comes by default without xcode then we're good
also, libyaml
I wish we could have apple AWS machines
it would make me so happy
to test all these things out.
so sad
Everyone makes me so sad
except linux
Yeah, but if we mess with the environment and we need to test something on a fresh machine again, the only way to do it is to reformat it =(
lolsy
Hmm, I suppose
Maybe we can invest in a mac mini for developer playthings
err, are you talking about a virtualized hackintosh?
such a stubborn child
sigh
btw
@aaron I had the most awesomest fries today
for 4505 meats
http://www.4505meats.com/
They have a stand in front of the Ferry Building on Thursdays
They are *better* than McDonald's fries
yea
lol
@jaja you stripped the .exe
w00
@jaja, we'll probably want to add .exe back to the files? or no?
okie dokie lokie
fair enough
This makes me very happy
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/win.png
oh, weird
the manifest is for manhatta/mps
not manhattan
The manifest for mps is fine
I'll investigate
oh
you know what...
the manhattan/mps manifest probably overrides the manhattan one
fail
but then it should happen to everyone, not just windows
I'd argue that nearly all libs probably use autoconf/automake
all public libs anyways
I've never encountered a public lib that I didn't have to install by doing configure, make, and make install
I would say that it makes libsass more legit
But I would also be speaking out of my domain
so I will refrain from saying that :p
But will think it very hard.
Hmm
@jaja how did you install python in the windows jenkins machine?
I'm finding a lot of guides online that do it differently, so figured I'd ask you to keep things consistently.
lol, I'm silly
I was ready to compile python from source in mingw :p
yups
lol
they couldn't run mac vms on top of OS X using parallels?
well, I guess having the linux interface makes it easier to communicate with the vms prolly :p
that sucks.
Hmmm
Salesforce had virtualized environments for iphone/ipad...
I forgot what they did to get that though...
I could ask one of my friends about it next time I see them.
w00t
nice
do we want to call it something other than setup-219?
Maybe moovweb-3.5.219-setup.exe?
:p
You can grab the version
I do that for the other guys
There's a python file
versn.py
oh
but it needs to know which version to grab, no?
otherwise, how does it know what to package?
oh, by job number
and branch
ok
Hmm
Hmmm, how does the gem stuff know what the version is...let me check
Oh, that's right, it uses an ugly ass hack, awesome
the repo has a VERSION file which needs to be kept in sync with manhattan's VERSION file.
and then it appends whatever it finds inside a JENKINS file if it's there
It's silly
I guess you coudl copy the same way of doing it, but...ugh
Yeah, but then you need to update the version file of all these misc repos
whenever you upgrade
for now I saw we can keep it as setup-BUILD_NUMBER.exe
let's not change it unless we really need to
whatevs
oh,yay
okie doke
nice
also, I haven't tried the latest install files
but the install file you emailed a while back
that one had incredibad in the data folder
these don't, right? =x
cool
Yeah, you can grab the latest mixers from userContent/mixers
Hmmm
I think we're currently using hermes
but you should use versions instead
hermes is gonna die
Hmm, I guess you'll have to build it into an exe, yeah
but just to be clear, I'm referring to our versions repo :p
@sean, saw your email
reverting to include all the clibs should be easy, I'll check a little bit around to see if it's something else though
However, if we revert to include all the clibs, then the size will become significantly larger for the gems.  For debian and brew, the size only increases a few megs.
Since we only use gems internally (I assume), then that's probably fine, no/
?
In general, I'm not a fun of culling the clibs at all, I'd rather include them all every time if possible...
yeah
yup, taking a look.
So the libs that I'm adding in definitely don't include that, but looking at the complete list of libs, it seems that the one that is being referenced is a soft link to the lib that we do include.
We include the actual library, but it looks like the program is trying to refrence it by a different name
So technically we don't include it..perse.
do you get what I mean?
Right, not sure.  it might be OS dependent.
That's my best guess
We determined the binaries to include by calling otool -L on the binary, and then otool -L on every lib that it was dependent on (for linux we used ldd).
And we just wrote down the libs we got and included those
but otool in a different version of mac could return something different maybe?
Let me ask Kevin to run otool -L on the binary
yeah, perhaps that makes a difference.
sigh
never listening to theory again.
Hmm, yeah
heh
In salesforce, we had a span of roughly a month where the code line would freeze and the only thing you can do is bugfixes.
Then again, the release cycle there was three times a year.
can I take a look?
yeah, we need to freeze at least a week before, if not two.
k
ok
Well, I asked Kevin to send me the output of otool, but regardless, i'm going to start adding all the clibs back again.
yeah
sure
I feel like our vpn is very flaky
Mine dies almost consistenly around 6:30ish
yeah
They're probably hooked up via vpn as well, no?
Let me try the link with my vpn on and off
and see what happens.
Well, i'm at home right now
but I also have my vpn set up
so I can just toggle it and see what happens
blargh
my wifi is too fast
in vpn i got the timeout
Hmm, I found a tool that will simulate a slow network, trying it out
Yup
Yup, download went 1 minute and 30
and was totally fine
in vpn I got a timeout after 60s
He said the connection was being closed by the client
yeah
Hmm
Who set up our vpn?  Was that Chris as well?
I feel like this might be a VPN setting.
like
close all connections longer than 60 seconds
wel
makes sense if you have a fragile vpn
Hmm, yeah
btw
clibs are added back in 147
I'm downloading all the packages right now to check to make sure it's all good
k
yeah, no worries
k
cool
yay data
oh
I can't fix that issue in brew
That's something hampton has to add in moovweb.rb in apollo
the other packages shouldn't have that problem as they're not copying anything over to .manhattan
yeah
k
(rdcry)
I can make the change in apollo, looks like a simple fix
yeah
Hmm, ok.
Should we just tell him to add the fix himself then?
Well, I'll make the fix and test it and, we'll see how it goes.
What branch is production apollo off of?
I'm assuming that's for the master branch
k
I'm unpacking them and making sure all the libs are included in the right place.
I was gonna test more thoroughly after finishing the apollo fix
Yeah
Hmm
since we'll have to call sudo to chown
would it be easier to just do the cp with sudo?
I see, so just the fact that it's owned by root is a mistake, k.
Even though we ran into that issue with compass 0.12.1?
Oh, so you're saying change the compass version to 0.11.7
yeha
yea*
Well, on the gem, we currently specify 0.12.1, we can change that back down to 0.11.7
Yeah
yup, I'm on board.
I'll make the changes to the gemspec and also apollo
Actually
apollo never updated to say 0.12.1
so we're good on that front :p
K, I'll update the gem then.
K, reverted to 0.11.7
Having some issues with testing the apollo fix because my bundle install seems to be broken -.-
oh
I remembered why I thought that the one click mac install might be problematic
One of the reasons why we needed it was because brew requires xcode, and we wanted to skip that, right?
oh, nevermind
I just remember telling this to someone else, and it was not an issue.
so yeah, one click mac install would be awesome
ugh
it's failing on some weird compile issue with the mysql gem -.-
I should be able to just do bundle install in the directory and everything should just work, right?
yeah
oh, then how do I test it out?
Oh, yeah, but I figured I would grab the rendered moovweb.rb file that rails renders for me from the server.
I guess it's the same though
alrighty, yeah, I've tested like that before
that would be sweet.
That's fine.
btw, tested apollo change, seems to be working fine, though are we ok with having to enter a password everytime someone runs brew install?
I see
yeah, I'll play around with it some more
Not exactly sure what the fix entails.  What was it about?
sure
okie doke
tested pretty thoroughly, is working well
Yeah, that already happened, 147 should have old compass and all the libs
I'm going to push my branch to apollo
And I guess we'll get hampton to approve a merge tomorrow?
ok, I'm going to test the gem/debian, and brew packages for 147 on cancer to make sure the sanity test.
k
ok, sounds good
Oh
Should I tell Kevin to use the 147 gem?
k
k
Are you talking about this?
k
heh
Well, I tested deb and brew
they're both fine
I'm trying to test the gem, but for some reason, my connection slows down to a crawl when I try to download it.
(methinks it might be related to the timeout issue)
db?
ah
weird
Were you on VPN when you hosted it there?
yeah, so I realized why the gem is so gargantuan
it looks like the gem does not maintain the symlinks
instead, it turns each symlink into a copy of the file it was linking to
so the gem ends up having duplicates of all these clibs.
brew and debian handle this normally, which is why those packages are so small compared to the gem
yeah
Yup
Hmm
Man, debugging at night, ain't nothing like it :p
You should pull the go-build-tools
you must have a *really* old version
if it's complaining about sets
What's your GOPATH?
what happens if you do go list -json manhattan/manhattan?
Hmm
weird..
ok, well, tested 147 deb, brew, and gem on cancer, just clicked a few links starting from the home page, everything looked fine.
yup, np
hah, past manoj, what a newb
Nope, don't even think he knows how to spell.
Oooh
is requestBody a pointer?
If it's a slice of rawRequest
yeah
then it can be changed
How does it change?
If it suddenly starts with x-moov-secure: true, then it makes pretty good sense.
lolsy
oh slices
Yup, we need to allocate separate arrays there methinks.
Hmmm
Well
I see
There's no much else you can do
If we're going to edit them, they need to be separate
I guess another thing you could do is defer the array copy in the higher level
and only copy if you need to add moov-secure
so you can skip the copy in most(?) cases.
sounds good
he might have a better idea, we'll see how it goes
so I'm looking at the way gem build works
and I don't think there's anything we can do apart from changing the rubygems source that will let us maintain the symlinks
75   def write_package¬                                                             \n 76     file_name = File.basename @spec.cache_file¬                                  \n 77     open file_name, 'wb' do |gem_io|¬                                            \n 78       Gem::Package.open gem_io, 'w', @signer do |pkg|¬                           \n 79         yaml = @spec.to_yaml¬                                                    \n 80         pkg.metadata = yaml¬                                                     \n 81 ¬                                                                                \n 82         @spec.files.each do |file|¬                                              \n 83           next if File.directory?(file)¬                                         \n 84           next if file == file_name # Don't add gem onto itself¬                 \n 85 ¬                                                                                \n 86           stat = File.stat(file)¬                                                \n 87           mode = stat.mode & 0777¬                                               \n 88           size = stat.size¬                                                      \n 89 ¬                                                                                \n 90           pkg.add_file_simple file, mode, size do |tar_io|¬                      \n 91             tar_io.write open(file, "rb") { |f| f.read }¬                        \n 92           end¬                                                                   \n 93         end¬                                                                     \n 94       end¬                                                                       \n 95     end¬                                                                         \n 96   end¬
At the bottom is where it's writing the file to the tar io.
it's actually reading the file bytes, and writing those bytes through to the io...and reading the symlink will only return the source's bytes...
So I doubt there's anything we can do there, unless we want to manage the symlinks ourselves, but that seems very fragile/error prone.
So I guess we're stuck with 100MB gem for now.
okie doke, I'm hitting the bed
how's the fix working out?
k, cool
k
Alrighty, heading off
g'night
oh, and remember, tomorrow is classy friday
fancy it up
I sense an unwillingness to fancy it up
ha, bowtie would be perfect.
confusion?
lol
i see
I'll be sure to check email this morning for any last minute delays
And I guess I'll leave my top hat at home
haha, yep, night
HAHAHAHAHAHA
@ham moustach me manoj dayaram
=(
Does it do a google search?
hah
Look at you, mister mohawk
I don't think there is any search query in google that can come up with pictures of me.
I like that the moustaches vary per face
(allthethings)
I don't think it looks that much different.
(derpwizard)
aw, children
so cute
oh
the real @hampton
er
@hcatlin
I made some changes to moovweb.rb.erb in apollo
They're in a new branch
forgot the name exactly
But wanted to know the procedure for merging to production.
k
I don't remember the name of anything anymore
my compy does all the rememberin'
Compy, what's the branch's name?
brew_install_datapath_fix
Excellent.
yay sno
@ham moustach me mdayaram
hahahahhahaha
that was like
my sophomore year project
@ham moustach me Zhigang Chen
@ham moustach me natalie portman
@ham moustach me fluttershy
@ham moustach me michael faraday
@ham moustach me watson
I'm....so scared right now.
(twicrazy)
(lunagasp)
So that he would no longer be torn between his love/hate relationship of work and moustaching people.
Is this something I should join?
denied
getting it
It is a cave
she did not know
it was a cave
ridiculous
He's doesn't like either genetalia
but is gay
and going out with a girl
but hates gays
Or just emo
obviously not
he's gay
but he hates gays
QED hates himself
hey
@ham puppy me
=(
I hear chuck norris is a cool guy
OMG
so whenever i say DANCE BEES
<3
I can haz add features to hambot?
coo
Where does it live?  Your local?
sigh
xkcd
Hm
bees?
<3 bees
@ham pug bomb 325235
Note to self:  Pug bomb does not have a max cap.
Hmm
but..they're so adorable.
Did I crash @Ham ?
I get confused easily, so I made this:
mahattan is the internal version of moov that has extra tools
We should
in the apollos
Until Hampton bumps up the version in Apollo, you won't be able to see it.
But the binary is there
I could give you a link from my dropbox where you could download 156
if that's fine with you.
everything is logged!
(twicrazy)
one min
Hmm
brew install https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/moovweb.rb
*should* work, let me know how it goes
oh, maybe my dropbox didn't sync the file yet :p
cool.
I'm taking the link down now
>.>
That's weird, @noj does not highlight your name anymore.
Seems to be working now
Maybe it was my crappy internet again.
Hmm
I do not, is the connection just too slow?
oh wow, 3 hours
yeah, sorry, can't help you there =x
If I were at home, I doubt the download would take more than 15 minutes :p
http://images5.fanpop.com/image/photos/27600000/Vinyl-Scratch-my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-27681041-1480-1080.png
Cool.
(pinkamina)
(rdsalute)
http://songdrops.com/pug-licking-screen-clean/
(soawesome)
@jaja http://geeksta.net/geeklog/exploring-expressions-emotions-github-commit-messages/
Had a spa day yesterday
Figured I'd share the experience:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MB0BhyMRXWM
Hmm
@hcatlin When did that happen?
Was it within the last few days?
Or just now?
I believe the puppet scripts that manage the clibs in some boxes changed, though I don't think they should've changed for that.
Chris and @zhigang probably have a better idea about this.
Right, but the reason why it's broken now is because the puppet scripts removed the clibs from the box, since 3.4+ doesn't need them.
ha
(priceless) <-- most dangerous uncontrollable creature.
http://media.animevice.com/uploads/0/1951/513503-discord_kna__large.png
His name is discord.  Here's a song about him for those of you who don't know.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDMGv3hNMes
the only one required is libyaml
(for 3.4, 3.5 is including libyaml
no?
We're not including libyaml in 3.4 I thought
Oh?  Then why are we including libyaml in 3.5?
Hmmm, I
I'm not 100% sure about openssl, but I would keep it for now.
The sdk comes with the fake cert and keys, so they don't need to create them
but we might make them on the fly in the future.
Sure
Hmm
so I uninstall libyaml from my compy
and tried out moov compile, generate, server, and check
They all seemed to work just fine
BUT
we have a small problem.
the help message has a typo -.-
noj@moov-noj:~/moovweb-projects/nytimes$ moov\nInvalid mode\nUsage: manhattan command [options]\n\nManhattan SDK is a platform for developing and deploying site transformations.\n\nCommands:\n   generate   - Create a new Manhattan project\n   check      - Check Tritium syntax of a file\n   compile    - Compile project assets for deployment\n   production - Run just the HTTP proxy with no assets\n   server     - Run the full SDK\n   debug      - Simlar to server only with HTTP message logging\n   upgrade    - Upgrade a project to the current version of Manhattan\n   version    - Print the Manhattan version number\n
Simlar
That too...
>.>
So....
Do we want to update the help message and do a 157 release....or are we just gonna stick with this?
Ok, I spoke with Sean
We're gonna leave 3.4 alone and add any fixes to the help messages to 3.5
@ham help
ship it
That makes me happy again.
I didn't even say that word.
You know what gif doesn't suck?
BEES
@hcatlin that's just wrong.
It is a good song
Why don't you share it with the rest of the room?
@Hari We need to build that.
New moovweb side project.
Sean beat you to it
Platform room has now become a dance floor.
Sure, you want me to make a deploy job for mixers specifically?
http://turntable.fm/4fe3baa3eb35c159c200009f
@hcatlin Where in nosakafs01 does apollo check for mixers?
OK, then this is what it's going to be:
yup
Sometimes I feel that the best designed websites are those that just advertise their mobile app and do nothing more.
Look at you, all grown up and talking about sales.
So prouds.
Oh man, can you give real time feed on what's going on?
Sell it hard!
Think of Mad Mem
er
Men
http://www.tumblr.com/tagged/mad-memes
nice
23?  I thought it was 28 last week
ah, nice
@aaron Link to the talk:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=JE17r3n1kz4
@aaron Talk about generics:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JE17r3n1kz4&t=1h3m
=(
What didja break?
what's the difference?
Hmmm
k..
Let's talk when you get back.
Hmm, well, I guess what I don't understand is how that error even came to be.
Since the jenkins box should not be editing anything, just pull.
ah
Well, to fix it you can just wipe the workspace in jenkins
no need to change anything int he scripts.
Add the output files to .gitignore
coolio, I'll wipe the workspace in jenkins and kick off a new run.
Nope, that was my number one goal
if shit breaks, just wipe workspace and it just works.
@zhigang
Do you need help with the refactoring?
I figured since we need it done by Wednesday, we could work on that together, and then I could jump on other tasks after that.
Well, there's always things on my plate :p
There's the golog stuff, the signals flushing, one click mac installer
sure
@zhigang I made a util directory and stuck the stamp stuff under util/fileutil
Just to make sure I didn't mess anything up terribly, I'm assuming you're getting compile errors in the options-refactor branch too, right?
ok
yeah
a minute or so after I talked about it, try pulling now
@zhigang Other than for the tritium segments, we don't need anything else from generate, right?
project/generate and manhattan/generate.go
Not all of it though, just the creation of the tritium segments
The rest will go to apollo, right?
So we're changing recipe to generator?
Hmm
Ok, so should I wait before delete the project/generator folder then?  It doesn't seem like we're ready to remove it then.
@ham pug me
Hmm
Looks like
you are missing
libyaml
I think.
how do your clibs look like?
Yup
oh
actually
Are you exporting DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH=/PATHTOCLIBS/lib
?
Nope, that's good
excellent
@zhigang ?
Yeah, if you get off of the VPN, the download should be fine.
bees
oh oh
That's weird.
so when he does brew install, the download just drops in the middle?
Is it after 60 seconds?
@michael who is this?
I have 156 on my dropbox ready to go if we wanna go that route.
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/moovweb.rb
cheers
sure
@hcatlin so everything that used to go to nosakafs is now going to S3, right?
Do we still want it in nosakafs?
are you asking which we'd prefer?
yeah
cool, I will once I'm done with the S3 stuff
Well, since we need this for 3.4, I'm sticking a quick and dirty ruby script to deploy it to S3 for 3.4
For 3.5 I'm not sure what I want to do yet.
@hcatlin 3.4.156 files are in S3
I'm going to edit the moovweb.rb file in apollo under the branch where the other edits are
this branch:  :brew_install_datapath_fix:
Once that's done, I'll have you take a quick look at it before merging in to master.
k
@sean brew_install_datapath_fix
YEAH
got apollo running locally
This calls for some dancing bees
dance
bees
dance
bees
bees
Nothing like bees at night to keep you going.
@jaja http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3L2sEFK_v4
@jaja http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi8VTeDHjcM
Hmm
Let me check the jenkins job.
@hcatlin I reran the job.  How does it look like now?
ok
quite
so
if
we
all
speack
speak*
line
yes
quite
excellent
refactor
ing
is
pretty
fun
sometimes
sometimes
it
makes
me
cry
=(
i
need
a
reference
every
solution
we
find
seems
to
not
be
good
enough
=(
at
least
the
bees
are
nooooooo
sorry
I
was
being
careless
@sean I thought you were just being weird
be-es
I actually really love staring at the be-es
cracks me up every time.
It's just too funny
@michael is there a way to mute turntable temporarily?
ah
@zhigang such a bad idea
omg
That video is just full of bad ideas
for planet of the apes?
Pretty good trailer
has me sold
btw, where are the cloud instructions?
nvm, found them
excellent
@all what's more idiomatic, len(string) == 0 or string == ""?
k
I figured the length is stored in a field for the string, so that should be super quick
But I wasn't sure how the string comparison against and empty string is.
I assume the first thing it does is compare the length though
Yeah, I've been using len thus far
just wanted to make sure we were all consistent
oh wells
Sounds good to me.
okie doke
@jose I removed the gitignore you added
I'm assuming you added it because you were doing go build . inside that directory
But we don't want to hardcode something like that in gitignore
if you have your GOPATH set, then you can run "go build manhattan/manhattan" from anywhere
and it'll work
In whatever directory you choose to run go build manhattan/manhattan"
now I"m just sad
thumb drives ftw
They're legit.
@all Does every manhattan project have a functions directory where a main.ts file lives?
Hmm, okie dokie.
So it's possible that a project doesn't have a functions directory?
That's kind of odd, from our code, I feel like things would fail if it didn't.
*didn't have a main.ts file anyways.
ah
I see
Hmmm, ok.
You should pull the versions repo
Sorry, did you get it working?
ok
@jaja we're making the final touches to the refactor, we should have it merged in by the end of the day today
@jaja so feel free to enjoy your vacation to its full extent :p
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsjGw2N9HCA
om nom nom
delicious toe debris
The weird ones are always the geniuses.
my face is what's up with that.
my face...looking into it that is.
The build stable, jenkins is being funky
I think it's fine to branch from now.
Jenkins looks like it's having a weird env issue.
How long are you branching for?
golog will probably not change for a while
nah, just manhattan
btw
the mps folder is now under targets/mps
so if you're compiling using your GOPATH, you'll want to do go build manhattan/targets/mps
yay
excellent
Nice
Spreading the awesome.
I'll gladly take you up on that.
Or if you want to see me win a bet against Hampton, you could get me a bottle of moscato
Sure
Nice.
freaking protobuf...
Google removed a bunch of helper functions that we were using everywhere
So I basically had to rewrite them in butler and tell all our components to use it there instead of importing protobuf -.-
dammit google (rageguy)
Yea.  I had some friends working the maps API at salesforce, they would constantly complain about that too.
hopefully jenkins build works now though
We could just fork it into our own repo =x
Then we wouldn't have to deal with mercurial =D
well
Looks like I missed some =(
We can talk about that tomorrow
I'm going home
I'll fix the build later tonight.
Yup
(zzz)
night
yes
sup
@HariAnanth yup
Hmm
Yeah, you need a mixer
No way to start without one
what box are you running this from?
Oh, so you just don't have a mixer?
If you compile powermoov, you can create a mixer
powermoov mix -ambrosia-dir=/your/path/to/the/ambrosia/repo -tritium-dir=/your/path/to/tritium/repo
will create a mixer.
Make sure you pull, the mix command was just added like at 10 or so
just go ahead and clone it
How's it going?
Nah, you shouldn't have to move it
It should've created it in the right location
Yup, now just go ahead and run whatever you were running before
Right, the mixer is global
Weird, try pulling the code.google.com/p/protobuf repo
hg pull; hg update
then try regenerating the mixer
=/
oh, when you call hg, unset DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH
do you do hg update as well?
Hmm
Weird
Didn't we have this problem in the office too, and regenerating the mixer made it work?
can you check what's in your .moovweb/mixers directory?
Ah, that's the problem
0.1 is the one we generated
But when you run, it chooses 0.1.9 since it thinks it's newer
So if you just delete 0.1.9, youshould be good
yeah
Really?
Hmm
try deleting 0.0.243 too?
If that works, it means we need to make some updates to our version selection module
doh
Could you make an issue under the manhattan repo pointing this out?
thanks
Yeah
It's basically just incompatible with the latest code base.
what is?
Well, right now there's a couple of places that it's called from.  Server.go calls butler to load a mixer.  However, the apollo api hooks also load a mixer.  Eventually we'll push the loading to a mixer to butler.
So the version checking is going to be changing.  Before I believe we checked the MANHATTAN_VERSION file.  Now we will be checking a Mixer.Lock file
However that logic is not implemented yet.
Alrighty, I'm out for the night, g'night
@all sorry if I asked this before, but what exactly is the difference between the old manhattan and manhattanserver?
The code looks almost identical, so I feel like I'm probably missing something subtle.
Any differences between the binaries?
Or was it the same binary?
I see
oh, that would be good.
ok,
is moov production the only command they would need?
Cool, thanks.
@hcatlin I'm surprised too
no one told me
so sad
Can't believe I missed it.
interspecies hugging
warms my heart
@ZhigangChen I'm changing the build scripts to default to the master branch instead of the stable branch.
Yeah, we should get rid of that branch :p
Sounds good to me :p
@juan could you look into this?
@jose probably can answer that.
It can
Well, we're actually going to change that soon.
Instead of passing/using a logger everywhere
We want to pass/use a debugger everywhere
and the debugger will have the logger
What do you think?  We haven't really set this in stone, just an idea we threw around.
lol, the reason for it would be that it's simpler to initialize
give me a production debugger
give me a dev debugger
those are the two options
Can you elaborate on the issue?
from the logs you mean?
Right, that's the idea
the debug module lives in manhattan
so that's abstracted away
that way, if we decide to use a different logger int he future
just chagne it in debug
everyone else just uses that, they have no concept of a logger.
hm?
k
@tarun I hope you had two cups of milk with that
Hmm
Is there a reason why we can't cname help.moovweb.com to moovhelp.zendesk.com?
nevermind, just saw your ticket.
though when I go to help.moovweb.com, it just redirects me to zendesk.
I am (rdcry)
Nope, I just typed help.moovweb.com from my browser
typing
?
pong?
Yeah, but if you're signed in, it redirects to zendesk
if you're not signed in, it redirects to beta signin page
(rdcry)
What does it have to do with ssl though?  after signing in to beta.moovweb.com, I'm not using ssl, neither is zendesk.
I see, so because we want/need ssl on our help site, we can't cname help.moovweb.com unless we pay mad moneys.  But we're currently not using ssl in zendesk.
Hmm
only if you're not signed in.
well
Let me check the request once you're signed in...
coolio
cool
@tarun do you know where chrome saves cookies?
Nope, that's android :p
In the filesystem I mean
nvm, I ask the googs
sad face, encryption.
dawgs?  You mean the *ug word, right?
Hmm, not sure if people payed attention
Maybe you should @ all it again to make sure everyone knows.
better safe than sorry :p
We made that function, just for you.
Also
Yes...that is correct...you want more?
MOAR mixers?
So here's the funny thing about mixers...we only want to make new mixers if the mixer definitions change.
As long as those don't change, it would be superflous to make more mixers.
However, finding out whether the definitions changed has become somewhat tricky
Before we just checked for changes in ambrosia
But now everything is in tritium
so we have to check for changes in specific tritium directories as opposed to the tritium repo
and as far as I know, that's tricky to do in jenkins, though I haven't researched that much yet.
So as of right now, ambrosia is still being used, but it looks like it might be deprecated, so all that stuff is still up in the air.
Hence why there's no new mixers.
excellent
Gets the Aaron seal of approval
Hey @AaronLeung, is there a reason why moovweb/libsass does a git checkout -f, then a pull instead of just the pull?
Yeah, that's why it does the pull, but I don't understand the checkout -f part.
Sorry, didn't check the history, I just assumed it was you Aaron =x
It wipes your local changes
Yeah, @jaja, it was you : p
whys?
whys jaja?
If you loved it, why would you want to wipe it off the face of the earth?
You crazy.
Oh, I know all about your clean -f -d loves.
what does that do?
I see
oh, fail, we haven't deployed any new mixers to S3 yet.
Let me....get on that.
Oh, yes, that would be it
@hcatlin do we want to put the mixers in S3?  That would make them publicly available to anyone with the link.
Unless we guard it under some aws auth
@hcatlin did you see my previous posts?
okie doke
I also deployed 0.1.14
have fun!
Deploying is still a manual kick off, so let me know if you need me to deploy any more.
It's always moscato chugging time.
Yup
So far, that's untested.
But I assume it will be fine.
Yeah, that's fine I assume, I doubt there's any differences that would break our stuff.
But as far as building is concerned, we do all our building with go1.0.1
*for deployment that is
I gave edit access to the doc to everyone in Platform, feel free to contribute if you find that it's missing something.
Yeah, icu4c and libxml2 take the longest, but it's still under a couple of minutes.
@hcatlin Did anything change in apollo recently regarding auth?
yeah
Yessssssssssssssssssssss...
powermoov has all the goodies, so yes.
oh, true that, I should add that to the prereq
I like to be thorough :p
that's fine, it's just warnings
lol
I should fix that
but just run ./powermoov
without commands
to see everything
I put mine in $HOME/bin
but it's a matter of preference.
ubuntu will add $HOME/bin to your path if it exists.
There, I fixed the help command :p
do a pulls
Sad face.
@TarunDesikan fixed the help message.  Should be in the latest commit if you pull
@sean --slugurl=http://slug01-int --kvserver=giedi01-int
Hmm, @jaja what exactly would be an example use case for that?
Hmm
@sean, you there?
@AaronLeung Exactly.
@all does manhattanserver.gem need 32 bit as well as 64 bit linux? Or just 64bit?
bow chicka bow-wow
that's what my baby said
mow mow mow
and my heart starts pumpin'
chicka chicka chew-wop
never gonna stop
gitchee gitchee goo means that I love you
@JoseEspinosa fyi I'm moving your download module into apollo
Zhigang, do you want me to make a jenkins job for the simple mixer?
kk
@ZhigangChen2 The ambrosia transformer tests are failing because the test file has compile time errors.
Please fix, kthnxbye
Make sure you run against the latest version of tritium/master and manhattan/master
to repro locally that is.
ahhh
Nah
Merge whenever you're ready
Just keep in mind the mixer job will fail until you merge
but I think that's fine.
Ok, then go ahead
*high five*
oh...you just left the room.
*high fives self*
I'm game, can we just show up?
or do we have to rsvp somewhere?
yup
>.>
<.<
http://i3.photobucket.com/albums/y81/Panther631/ModsAreAsleepPostPonies_6433.jpg
http://lights.elliegoulding.com/
The best acid ever.
I thought we released 0.1.13, no?
well, regardless, I'll check it, thanks
I remember asking about this a while back, I thought we decided small was fine (back then)
Boo?
Boo boo?
=(
Daemonizing...
it's serious stuffs.
@ham mustache daemon
Nice
The only one I have left is the daemonizing stuff =(  making progress though1
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/puggs.jpg
PUGGS!
@HariAnanth Here's an example on how both the signal handler and the crash handler are registered for powermoov:
You
You'll have to do this for all the different targets
powermoov, servermoov, stdmoov
Not mps though
what character?
oh
ha
ha
silly
copying and pasting?
tsk tsk
odd
I always thought stylesheets failed silently.
Did the browser give you an error or was it our binary?
ah
weird, did you use a different version of compass before?
Maybe 11.7 gets mad, but 12.1 doesn't care =x
weirds
(sotrue)
@JajaB http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpS7nCweYZI
@AaronLeung I assigned you another issue to validate, it's pretty simple.  It was assigned to me, but I'm the one who fixed it, so I figured it was probably best for someone else to validate it.
lol
@all I will be restarting jenkins soon.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLTZctTG6cE
Thanks Juan!
/me yay
sadface
(rdcry)
@JoseEspinosa What do you need?
stdmoov = moov
stdmoov is our dev-speak for it
Yup, under mac os x instructions I believe
Yes, we support brew for sdk
yup yup
so...Is that the URL I should compile project slugs with from now on?
ok, let me know when you want me to update it.
I think there's an issue filed for Hampton to change the brew recipe to use ~/.moovweb instead of ~/.manhattan
Otherwise, you can use the same one that's on the apollo site, just change the URL for the tar.gz
Are you looking for build 724?  I can set one up on my dropbox
btw, for those interested, this is the link that was in my Tuesday's status:
http://i.qkme.me/3q4lvd.jpg
Also, I spilled a bunch of tea all over my keyboard, and in the process of cleaning it out, my v key broke =(
@JoseEspinosa My filters in gmail:
We should be...
project upgrade you mean?
or mixer upgrade?
mixer upgrade never downloaded the mixer
mixer upgrade no
project upgrade...shouldn't either.
only when you run server.
or something that *needs* it
yup
@jaja, yeah, we probably should.
moov the 3.4 stuff in master over to release_3.4 branch
I'll get around to it eventually.
lol
Thanks for the ticket @JajaB :p
also
so for all builds that took place when chris updated it, it would incorrectly SCP the binaries and installers to the old jenkins box :p
but we can ssh into its private IP just fine
So I updated the etc/hosts file.
for the new IP
as a temp solution
Yeah...so now I'm rsyncing all the builds from yesterday to the new jenkins :p
Not that I know of.
and puppet doesn't touch windows, huh?
heh
@SeanJ  I'm going to try to get to all of mine today, but I probably won't finish until late tonight.  Here's my list:
zgallerie\nphilosophy\nVon Maur\nfingerhut\nasda\nmacys
what do you mean?
I'm only doing the ones that are assigned to me :p
Also, I'm not going to be here Friday, so I'd like to get these done slightly faster =x
Yeah, I won't get to do installers friday
@JoseEspinosa I can answer questions about issue 590 if you still have some
Sorry that took a while btw, they founds a cavity =(
NEVAR
Moscato4life
legit
how can I check staging?
Did you send out that video?
k, let me take a look at the video to get acquainted with it first.
k
ok
k, I see the problem, I'll look into it.
Hmm
Trying to get manhattanserver 3.5.749 gem from http://gems.moovweb.org but it told me it couldn't find it
Were you able to grab it from there?
Wow, I'm silly, forgot the -s flag
w00!
@SeanJ What's the staging machine?  Can I ssh into it and play around in there?  I can't repro locally.
Nope, what's a sandbox that I can play in?
k, I'll try sandbox01
is sandbox01 not 64 bit?
If it's not, that's a problem, manhattanserver gem only contains 64 bit binary and libs
should be easy enough to check, I'll take a look
yup
slaves*
err
Creating a  mixer should be project independent.
ah, ok.
What's that host that we're supposed to use as a gateway?
westpush.moovweb.something?
Well, I don't have access to sandbox01 directly
No lighthouse?
it's fine.
Well, I can get into nosandbox01 from westpush, so I'll play around there in the mean time.
sigh
installing rvm/ruby in nosandbox takes forever (rdcry)
What I meant was, the issue was request that moovweb contain the compile command in order to upgrade a project, and you mentioned that it's not necessary since we have project upgrade, and compile should not be exposed externally.
Therefore, there's nothing to do for that ticket.
hence, it's mute.
Am I using the word mute correctly?
Gotta look it up now...
I would prefer to close that issue and reopen a new one.
But whatever works.
Also
I was thinking of "moot"
You can always edit the title
I guess I just like keeping a log of everything :p
And when you edit stuff, you don't see what it used to be.
Run the mixer-deploy task
Once that succeeds, you have to bug hampton to update it in apollo
Finally, if you want this to be the version that people get when they run mixer upgrade on a legacy project
you need to change the hardcoded value in that command
yeah
LOL
omg
I'm so
silly
@SeanJ You're silly too
git push <tag> failed? 0.o
(rdcry)
Looks like it was git push
on the tag
Let me try to do it manually
But yeah, @SeanJ I figured out what was wrong
with staging
You were being a silly goose.
You were calling the binary directly
instead of the wrapper ruby script
silly you
http://shoparteffect.com/assets/images/AET05101.jpg
Oh?
weird
Looks like it
from the path
yup
Well the odd thing is
I never changed the location of the ruby wrapper script for the gem
It's always been the same
which means
that ops has *always* been calling the binary directly.
The only thing we really need is the LD_LIB path and also the daemonizing
the wrapper script does both of those things.
But the command you sent in the email doesn't even pass the daemonizing flag
I don't know where you got that command
But a whle back I asked Juan for the command that runs, and he gave me this:
This is the correct command.
Or at least what I made sure worked.
I got the above command from Juan a week or so ago.
No...nosandbox is still installing rvm/ruby -.-
But based on the path in the email, it makes total sense.
k
Seems like it.
Okie doke
Sure thing
FYI
I checked fmljewlers in nosandbox
using the command I mentioned above
works like a charm
<3 when things work
yeah, reverting...
Reverted...
Dog! I've been meaning to talk to you!
Ok...I'm going to work on the new issues that I got assigned, and also validate the ones that I need to validate.
Not sure if I'll get to do many project testing today, maybe one or two =(
yep yep
heh, I need to slow down :p
Shouldn't the host_map.js file be re-generated on every call to moov server as opposed to project upgrade?
So why do we need it in project upgrade?
Well
I thought host_map.js was a non-checked in file
so I don't understand why they would ever need to worry about it
if it's only used when we run the server anyways
The issue is....>.>...........moot?
quite
┌─┐\n┴─┴\nಠ_ರೃ
Yeah, that's what I've been doing.
Then when I fix something, i label it Validate and assign it to someone else (usually you) :p
Yeah, I verbally mentioned the fix to the email, but not sure if people listened :p
That's fine, though I don't mind sending the new links, so I'm fine including them unless you specifically don't want me to.
Yeah, I'll continue on the same thread then.  The original?
Ok, on the next prerelease I'll also amend the instructions to make sure everyone is clear on what validate and QA-3.5.xxx means.
Yeah, i was planning on doing them every morning
Hmm, do we have an ETA for his change?
Ok, then his prerelease can be for Friday morning.
Also, I wanted to ask.
Are we going to parallelize fixing issues as well as testing on customer projects?
The guide says to serialize them
but it sounds like we're going to be doing both.
Ok
True, ok
btw
Hmm, reminds of the Black Swan
Yeah
Perhaps it might be worthwhile having people dedicated for testing, and people dedicated for fixing issues instead of having everyone do everything?  Or do you think that would bottleneck?
Fair enough
yeah, that's true.
Sounds good
What crazy behaviour are you seeing?  Cause my server dies after it can't bind to the port.
Or rather, how are you getting that crazy behavior to show up.
:p
Another moot!
?
I have problems like that with gmail all the time -- 'tis why I turned off keyboard shortcuts there :p
Lemme take a look at his emamil
No, that's fine
The script that he listed is the correct command that works
I wanted to keep them open
And only close them once we settle on a version, and then do a final round of verification
on that version
to make sure that something that we verified in 715 did not regress by the time we got to 800
Right, not each round, only at the end
Ok, that's fine.
I'll add that to the new instructions
Sounds good
build jobs are failing, at least until we get some more space.  I filed a ticket in lighthouse to get some.   Hopefully by tomorrow morning we should be good.
http://afkrpg.com/
@MichaelCatlin yup
okie dokes.
@AaronLeung grab me whenever you need me.
okie dokes
Hmm, are you sure?  I thought I put them in tmp/messages
What manhattan version are you using?
Odd, yeah, the default should be <project dir>/tmp/messages
=)
why, is that not working?
Hmm
That's because you guys decided to roll your own subcommand parsing instead of using what I had already implemented :p
lol
Just make a ticket to fix it and assign it to me, it's slightly more complicated since we don't actually try to parse flags for moov project and moov mixer
We only start parsing flags on the third subcommand level.
so it would require some special handling
But this gives me an excuse to clean that code up =)
alrighty
w00ts.
Success.
I can't, whenever I try to buy now, it tells me that my cart is empty and links me to continue shopping
Heading homes for now, will be onlilne later
me too
But are you in a mountain?
@all The winner of the github issue contest needs to buy this for the office:  http://m.vonmaur.com/Product.aspx?ID=82300&pg=3
@HariAnanth Take a look at Jaja's stuff up there.
...So what is the spirit of what you're trying to do?
I rather have no free dinner than free dinner that is supposed to guilt me into staying in later than usual =(
...as long as you stay longer after you finish eating?
That's the question...
If I'm done with my work at 7pm, and dinner is about to be served, can I stay for dinner and then go home?
But you said you would hunt me down =(
ha
A lot of times I end up finishing roughly around 7pm
In fact, I'd say my average time that I leave the office is between 7 and 7:30pm
BUT, my apartment has a kitchen.
Will I have to beware the wrath of Tarun's man hunt, or can I sleep soundly tonight?
wowowowowow
no one said anything about lunch
hold the phone
hold all the phones
BEDS?!
If I move into the office, does that count as an apartment without a kitchen?
I prefer mattresses stuffed with clouds and angel feathres.
...so that I can taste them in my sleep.
dance
different dance
MOAR DANCE
He's not in the office yet.
double the pizza!
quintuple the pizza!
It's cookie/cache bashing time.
No, I am suggesting you do that :p
I wrote a couple in college...
btw
I've been using this email for qa testing logins in websites
pugme@mailinator.com
You can check it here if you need to click a verify link or something:
http://pugme.mailinator.com
http://i.qkme.me/3q90cc.jpg
What I watch when I can't QA my projects on nosaka:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0
I just freaked out because I couldn't check out in mnosaka.macys.com
And then tried to checkout on m.macys.com and that failed too, so I felt better.
kapow
(refresh)
sad, no icon
@hcatlin knows for sure
yes
oh man, that lunch looks delicious.
So sads I missed out =(
If there are leftovers, i'll totally be over that tomorrow :p
nice, thanks!
hahaha
We'll see what happens
I could probably use the sleep anyways :p
I'm more worried about laxatives :p
i'm looking at the code for the slug map in mps, and it looks like we might not have to do anything actually
There's only one go routine that writes on the map
all other go routines just read from it
Which explains why it never broke before.
Yeah
The code confused me a bit
right
and it writes to it
oh wait
hold on, I was thinking of the updater routine vs the request routine, I forgot that we could get multiple routines coming in at once.
there's one go routine that goes through all the slugs in the map and updates them
that guy is actually only doing reads on the map, -- the map contains a 'project' struct which has a field for a slug, so the updater routine just updates the slug field in the same project struct, so there are no writes to the map there.
So it should be enough to synchronize our writes when a request comes in.
right
just in the one place where we write to it though.
So we don't need a read/write lock for the entire thing, we could just stick a mutex when we put something in.
line 55 on /targets/mps/manager.go
I believe
I suppose you're right.
We should do the safest thing now, and try messing with it later on 3.7 when we have more time to play around with it.
Sure, I'll assign the validation to you.
git fetch office sandwich && git checkout plate && git merge sandwich && git push home
=(
ha
hm
Would that work?
Hmm, you could check whether the bundle files are created or not.
neato
is that gonna be an apollo api feature?
I tried making the change in the macys tritium myself, but ended up with an ugly error message =x
I figured I just don't know how to use tritium, was wondering if you could show me how to do a proper fix using Sean's function.
Basically I did this:
$desktop_link {\n           replace($desktop_link, proxy_to_upstream($desktop_link))\n           append($path)\n           append($mobileblock)\n         }
And then everything freaked out.
That's the outpu tI got.
yup
yeah, looks that way...
Yeah, i just finished an ack
Wasn't sure if the function was added in tritium or somewhere else though
yup, not there
This sounds like new github issue material.
Is tritium tester setup to use the simple-mobile mixer?
yep
what's the url for tritium tester?
just for general knowledge
also, @JajaB there is a javascript function for it, but there should also be a tritium one.
like poking a bunny?
I punch my pillows to fluff them :p
also
the "Show tritium spec" link is broken =(
Flat and bready
Perhaps we should file an issue for it :p
If we're opening it to the public, we probably want it fixed.
If there's an issue already for it, we should assign it to someone
And stick it in Rl-35.
Yeah, that seems right
probably beta instead of apollo
(allthethings)
Ok, I'm fixing it :p
Not before filing an issue!
It takes a second, it's a hard coded link
but yeah, filing an issue is way too much overhead for the fix, too lazy...I'll just fix it :p
there, all done
Next deploy of it should have the updated URL
Github is getting friendlier with its error messages
(>.<) : master : /home/noj/dev/apollo $ git pull\nERROR: Storage server temporarily offline. See http://status.github.com for GitHub system status.\nfatal: The remote end hung up unexpectedly
Hmm
@JajaB and @ChrisMague would be the people to ask about that.
@AaronLeung Because the monkey holding it died.
@AaronLeung did I get it right?
i win!
I think that owes me at least one carlton d a n c e.
Anyone disagree?
Unanimous then!  Let's dance the sickness away!
yep
You should watch some fresh prince of bel-air
http: //www.imdb.com/title/tt0098800/
Yup yup
lol
clever
You could also just delete them from the page : p
yup yup
so you're saying it doesn't like prefixes with a number on them?
K, michael is talking about a different issue thouhg
Could you do this with moov 3.4.156?
Or was it always the case that our rewriter broke with a numbered prefix.
but that's m.www1.1800flowers, right?
not mwww1.1800flowers
so the prefix there is still just "m"
*I think*
Yeah, this is the 1800 flowers page:   http: //m.ww31.1800flowers.com/
What moov are you using @MichaelCatlin?
oh, ok, so if it doesn't work there, I'm assuming it never worked.
@SeanJ or @JajaB might be able to verify that, or offer a better explanation to what's going on in the code internals.
For new projects in 3.5, they should be using the new host map as opposed to rewriters, so it'll be a completely different code path
Yup, I believe so
hostVar (which is the prefix) should be able to be anything.
@ZhigangChen2 can offer more details on that one.
Yeah, there's no flag to tell manhattan to use a local apollo right now, so you'll have to edit etc/hosts probably
yeah
that's correct
the stats endpoint is not yet implemented in apollo as far as I know
You should  be able to see the requests in the apollo logs
no?
ah
Other than changing the code, how do you configure the stats to report locally?
Yeah, that's what we were talking about.
Yup, that's what sean is going through now : p
Brings up an interesting point though
someone could run moov server, let it auth, and then set their /etc/hosts to point apollo to localhost
and then we don't get stats =(
lol
lol, that would be nice
Ham bot, you so cray cray
I think the keyword there was r u l e s
Given the two conf files you linked, would it be enough to start nginx and just point it to the ssl.conf file?  Or is there more to it?
Mine doesn't like "server" : p
I'm running 1.2.1
I see, so I was doing it wrong, : p
I see
I just had a default file which looked like a mock up config of a generic server
Hmm
I *think* I got mine working locally.
yep
Nope, I broke it...
I don't think nginx is doing anything
Yeah, duplicate mime type
in a conf
yep
it seemed like the right thing to do at the time :p
nope, I figured I wouldn't need nginx again, so I didn't bother backing up
okie dokie
You mean the one you linked?
:p
k
Hmm
Doesn't seem to be working
nope
Nope, cause I'm a newb.
wait
no, it's fine.
oh
it should be 3000
yay
it works
ok
Well, that was a nice excercise.
@SeanJ do you want me to validate that ticket since I have the setup now?
:p
yellow error?
o.0
...cool I suppose
gg
I don't know what it would be on mac.
Hmm, still want me to verify theN?
okie dokes
Ok.
yeah, the stats handle is not installed yet
yeah, i see that
I had to change the config/routes.rb file to add a route rule for stats
Nope, just did it locally
There should be an issue filed under apollo for hampton to create the real handle.
Cool
Mine just did puts params :p
Still need to see it in the console since these requests are being made by the moov binary :p
Though the render makes the page not crash, so that makes me happy =)
Where in gods earth did I mention the forbidden "d" word
are you kidding?
yay
You beat me to it :p
I was too busy being upset at hambot
(gtfo) @HamBot
I think this was specifically to make sure that apollo received them.
yeah!
that's the one you verified :p
like, totally
Wrapped that mother up in a mutex, never spoke again.
yeah
Actually
We shouldn't.  The mutex is only around the start of the collecting, not the actual collecting.
Slapped it in the behind, and told it to go home to momma
I actually used a mutex for it, but I recently learned of this:
http://golang.org/pkg/sync/#Once
Which would've achieved the same thing.
Yeah, pretty neat
that's ridiculous
assert_your_mommas_so_fat
ouch
harsh
True
is there something like
asset_yo_mommas_so_fast :expected => false
assert_yo_mommas_not_so_fat
nifty
Hmm, nevermind, looks like it was automagically mooved 0.0
coolio
ok
I'm planning on it, but if I'm still coughing all over the place, I'd rather spare you guys the carnage.
But I expect to be in tomorrow.
If it's still kind of bad, I'll probably just drink some robitussin and man up at that point :p
did you guys start the install packages qa yet?
k
okie dokes
cool
looks like we're practically done
@SeanJ what sdk version are you using for moov compile?
bump
refresh
I'm waiting for the avengers
and also kung fu panda 2
Thor is in netflix right now as well I believe
He seemed familiar
I thought susan storm was supposed to be blonde
WELSH?!?
You odn't say.
Is that so?
The guy with the whistle?
I LOVE THAT GUY
He had a flash light and everything
guy was a baller
saving lives and shit, like no ones business.
He didn't give a fuck, no phones?  screw that, I'll yell from the top of my lungs.  No flash lights?  Fuck it, I'll invent one on the spot.
Actually
$ could be anything
not just something prefixed with "m"
=/
also
you should wait before merging
yeah
golog is fine
but the log stuff in manhattan
Yeah, wait until we branch out 3.5
then you can merge it on master which would be 3.6
Hmm, the build looks like it's broken because of some silly git issues, let me try clearning the workspace
Hmm
When we generate it, we should make sure that we do it in a way that go fmt likes it.
I'll make that change.
Yeah, but it shouldn't be a conflict, it should just be locally modified file.
Yep
lol, too bad, I just fixed it :p
And it would only matter if the person breaking it has go fmt set to automatically run on saving anyways :p
what's -w?
ah
YES
ha
Hey @JajaB where is the mixer version hard coded in project upgrade
From what I can tell, it's just calling mixer upgrade on it
but that should upgrade to the latest version (rather than the legacy version).
Hmmm
Yeah, probably, since we want it to be a legacy Mixer.lock file
or rather
one that will work for legacy projects.
a static one.
Hmm, I can go head and change it to write a static one.
Should be omni, but I'll talk to sean about it anyways
Since this sort of changes the behavior of project upgrade a bit.
oh no
the windows build is failing =(
looks like an icu4c error.
you know what
I just wiped the workspace
so it's possible it had trouble creating it at first, let's try kicking another run and seeing if it likes it then.
Yeah, not sure why
so it should be fine for windows too...not sure why it would complain
Hmmm
odd
it shouldn't...
Should be part of the normal icu4c crowd.
yeah, failed again, same issue
Hmm, let me check if icuin is on the other jenkins box
Yeah, let's try that.
right, because of the github catastrophe
Ok, sounds good, this should solve it then.
Interesting
oh yeah, I got an email about that :p
They were super quick to fix it =)
But, speaking on windows build, I got this error message when trying to wipe the workspace (the second time)
You think windows is trying to delete the root files of the link?
yeah, just remove the link
although, also check that all the clibs are there in userContent...I have a feeling that wiping the workspace might've deleted some of them =/
If we have to rebuild all the clibs, then so be it.  Probably best to do so anyways.
lol
I see
well, icu4c is done
should I try wiping the workspace again?
k, this might take a while since it has to reclone everything.
Alrighty.  Time to lay back and chill for a bit :p
cool
Well, after we branch, you can put new 3.6 features in master
but for now, yes, please use the new branch
ok
master branch in all projects are open for checkin
feel free to check in your 3.6 features on the master branch
I'll send out an email
Hey, @JajaB
Some gokogiri tests seem to be randomly failing on windows
I was gonna debug them, but noticed that I can't log in to the windows box anymore =(
did the password change recently?
ok, nvm, got it
Nope
well
as of right now, it's 1.0.110
oh
for simple mobile is the same
Yeah, I got the same error
Zhigang needs to fix something in the ambrosia
then we'll make a new mixer
and then hopefully that'll work.
in the mean time
you should drink some honey and milk
it's delicious
http://www.funnyphotos.net.au/images/microsoft-word-gansta-edition1.jpg
lamesauce
ogm
omg
It was funny
And then it got twisted
but still funny
:p
Not for the commonfolk
only for us internal special people.
The pawns get no compile.
@all do most mobile browsers render compressed images fine?
k
well, we could send them over gzipped
I'm assuming that's what compression means.
I could avoid compressing pngs
compression is per content type
Yeah, I got those listed.
k
I'll do text/js/css for now then.
@ZhigangChen2 cloudfront dns:  d1topzp4nao5hp.cloudfront.net
What do you need us to do?
should we siege it?
k
Lets see
man, ilt's super slow
yeah
I chuckled
I'm still waiting to see my swim suit models....
Gah, engine timeout -.-
@ZhigangChen2 mdev.www1.macys.com.slug
Yeah, no worries.
That is epic
And worth dancing over
Hey @ZhigangChen2 , what's going on in this line:
conn.(*tls.Conn).Handshake()
manhattan
yep
There's at least three episodes
oh
Hmm
What site?
And you go to mlocal.blah on your ios device
and it redirects you to m.blah?
that probably means the brew is messed up =(
I think reinstall should fix it....but before you try that, did you do anything funky lately that might've broke it?
wait a minute
I see
that's running from the gem
that's weird
how did you install the gem?
oh
@HariAnanth I got this error message after hard killing an instance of moov server and trying to start another one
ERROR:  Sorry, port 80 is already in use by another instance of `moov server` and is not available for the proxy port. Please end this process before attempting to start another instance.
Is there a temp file I need to clean up?
Cool kids use playgrounds
http://play.golang.org/p/DVWsrHwM1D
@AaronLeung Ok, should be in the next build
So just grab the debian package from the next coming build, and it should be in.
yes
wait
no
it doesn't matter what the yaml file is called
it creates config.json out of *all* the yaml files
in the config dir.
You need to get the right key
how does your yaml look like?
Yeah, that's the wrong part
The key is not rules
the key is "host_map"
You have to do
Consult with Sean to be sure.  I know host_map works, but maybe we're supposed to change it to Rules, I don't know
what doc were you looking at?
@hcatlin Why so mad the gems =(
@all brew install link:
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/moovweb.rb
That will give you version 3.6.56
Sure
@JajaB Should be deployed
@hcatlin the register_version handle in apollo doesn't exist anymore.  What should we use for registering a new version of manhattan?
er
moovweb
yums
(yay)
=(
(flutteryay)
Nope
I haven't touched apollo
I could if you want me to.
Let me take a looksy and see how it looks like
coolio
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/pugme.jpg
Best experience of my life.
I do
I have returned.
He was very apologetic
I was just happy that he didn't lie to me about losing the check.  He could've very easily just told me that he never got it.
Just because of that, I figured I'd be nice to him and just send him a new one no questions asked =p
Yup
back to QAing!
@hcatlin can I remove the git installer from the windows installer?
It's causing a lot of errors =(
And we can always tell people to install it from the git website as a pre-req or post-req if we really want it.
We probably won't get a response till tomorrow, he's probably resting.
=(
In the mean time I'll work on hiding the user input when inputting your user/pass for apollo in windows :p
http://twitter.com/caughtpoopin
It's causing installation issues.
We looked into it for now, and it seems that they're common issues when trying to embed the git installer
@ZhigangChen2 do you have that link you showed me?
Anyways, we could look into how to do it properly on 3.7, but for 3.6, it's probably cleaner to just link users to the link installer in our installation instructions.
If you think this is top priority
I can spend more time on investigating this
and trying to get it to work.
I can spend some more time investigating
How about I spend the rest of today looking into how to make it a cleaner install
and if we're still having issue by tomorrow, then we nix it?
mac one click installer is set for 3.7 right now
You can talk to sean about re-prioritizing it
But I mentioned this to Tarun before, for mac, you literary just have to untar it and it's ready to go
Yeah, no other package cares about git
Do you want to prevent users from running moov if git is not installed?
Detecting whether the user has git seems like it would be difficult
oh
I thought moov generate would just get a zip file from apollo and we'd unpack it.
Ok
So we should add git checks on all the installers...
It's build.sh actually
make sure you do a pull :p
It should, yes.  Let me kick off another build to make sure.
I kicked off another build, but it looks like it's a real failure.  I checked the windows box and the libsass.dll file it has was created today, so it's definitely fresh.
@hcatlin I removed the git installer, we couldn't get rid of the error messages =(
@hcatlin we added the git installer back :p
ping
pong
windows
so many windows
3 monkeys die every time you watch carlton dance.
We're going to branch twice
once for 3.6, and once for 4.0
I think it's already deployed.
@HariAnanth is that correct?
k
yeah, it's assigned to me
@ZhigangChen2 manhattan
I'll try to be more specific of where these changes need to go in the issues.
@HariAnanth moov generate --project-name="poopin" --base-domain="poopinrules.com"
poopin fails
apollo is fucked
I can't delete a project
and I can't git clone projects
I want to cry.
or poop
but i can't
cause apollo won't let me
(>.<) :: /home/noj/sandbox/geenie $ git clone moov@git.moovweb.com:mdayaram/poopin.git\nCloning into 'poopin'...\nFATAL: R any mdayaram/poopin mdayaram DENIED by fallthru\n(or you mis-spelled the reponame)\nfatal: The remote end hung up unexpectedly
It's ok
it's all apollo issues
talked to Tarun and Hampton
Looks like it might be gitolite issues, Josh is supposed to change the api hooks to not use gitolite tomorrow, so hopefully it'll be fixed with that.
Yeah, that's what I got earlier.
http://i.qkme.me/3qhitf.jpg
Isn't that what message queues accomplish?  Synchronous programming in an asynchronous world?
also, when brown is in town, shit will go down.
(poo)
how does it work now?
Does each request kick off gitolite right now?
does the config change?
If it's read-only, should be fine, no?
Nope, you should have the base template
ew
and we DONT have synchronization on that?
that sounds terrible.
@ZhigangChen2 Yeah, moov generate wasn't working for me either.
@JajaB hampton said he had an easy solution, what was his concept compared to this?
What do you mean by opening it to everyone?
Hmmm, right now its
So the race condition is something that hasn't even been exploited yet, but could be
Our current issues are caused by something else.
sadface
I don't understand
why we need such a heavy weight (or at least what sounds like a heavy weight) that is gitolite
didn't you write your own little git server in like 10 lines of code?
I see
ha, nice
Yeah, though I'm surprised that it needs to be that complicated.  I guess I just don't fully understand the requirements.
gnight
Right now when you click the "Finish" button in the exe bundle it'll open up a browser which will direct you to the git download page which should automatically start the git download for you.
yep yep
yeah
shoudl only appear the first time you run it
subsequent runs should not complain
@SeanJ 4.0.1 should be ready to be deployed
@HariAnanth http://trust.salesforce.com/trust/status/
@HariAnanth http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/1948/self-defense-from-derrickcomedy
It's all about wrist control
Yeah
I would've traded the gun for a spoon,.
That's how real men do it.
No you didn't, must be a local hipchat issue
refresh your thingy
Excellent
OH MAN
POW
KABLAM
it was
we had at least 5 or six people
no one should be using internal mixers
they're just the components that build the external ones
how come?
hellz yea
You're missing out
It's a party
I'm doing handstands and shit
Yep
We extended Yuliya's farewell to include the entire day
yep yep
Hmm
File a github issue
I'll look into it
I'll get on that right after this, we just finished manhattan generator issues
also
what version of plutonium do you want in the generator templates?
I noticed the latest is 0.1.70
68 looks like it had a fix to a redirect loop
k, I'll do 68 since that's as far as our spreadsheet goes to
@SeanJ I commented on the header issue
Looks like it's not a regression, but a feature change :p
I believe Josh is the one that actually implemented it, but I don't know who requested, but personally I find it good to separate our proxy version from their project version.
That way we can provide more info without looking too cluttered.
X-S-V gives us the account, project, and version
(in mps, that would be the actual account, in moov production, we just set it to whatever we want)
k
before closing the issue, do you want me to change the account to moovweb?
(instead of 'local')
It makes more sense to set it to moovweb, I'll go ahead and do it unless you'd rather set it to something else?  "local" is the default we set it to for people running locally and we just forgot to override it on the production command.
yeah, that should be fine
it's the same thing
Nope
If there is a different, something went terribly wrong.
difference*
'
']]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]
']]
woops
spilled some stuff on my keyboard
was trying to clean it up :p
ok
someone is fucking with jenkins
anyone wanna fess up?
I'm talking to @all of you
hrmrmrmrmrm
Well, the deploy you kicked off failed on running genit
I would just deploy again
>.<
like 5 minutes ago
well, fien
fine
I'll just create a new one now
but seriously
whoever is deleting jobs
stop it
We need to add test cases for things like these.
Yeah, but from the looks of it, is not like someone thought of removing that info from the header
it seems like the info was just lost during the refactor.
I understand that, but I what I'm saying is that sometimes these things slip by even though you've thought about it.  Having test cases can only help in this scenario.
Of course.  tests are not an excuse to not think bout the changes you're making, I think that's clear.
Sorry, was in a meeting
I replied to the issue
The generator had a bug in it, Hampton fixed it this morning
You should check again.
Also, the build box is updated
to handle the multiple domains
everything is good to go
hermrm
@AaronLeung what template are you generating?
The default template doesn't contain _uranium by default :p
try generating the mobile template
that one has it.
@SeanJ everything should be good to go
do a moov help generate
Sorry about the tardyness, was in a meeting
Are we deploying apollo soon?
This is very exciting ^.^
(soawesome)
I guess it's too late to deploy apollo today? =(
We discussed our plans for 3.7 is all.
I'll create a bunch of github issues describing them.
no worries
you should close the issue =D
We're really close to having all issues closed in 3.6 (soawesome)
okie dokie lokie
I noticed @hcatlin asked me to trigger a build a while back, I'm assuming that's the build you triggered @SeanJ ?
Sorry about being so MIA on hipchat today
k
yes
moov help generate (or moov generate --help)
You shouldn't have to, it should be sanitized
Well
the smallest port would be
401
yeah
true
Hmm
Yeah, you might want to sanitize
mabe prepend a number if it's less than 4 digits
That should be enough I think
ok
so if it's not the initial commit, the user is correct
but the initial commit (if using moov generate) is hampton
Considering that it's the build box making the commit, that makes sense
but rather than making hampton the user, could we at least call it "moovcloud" or something?  I guess this is a question for ops
ports
?
yeah
@HariAnanth is your change in?
I'm about to push to master and release_4.0 :p
oh well, I guess it'll fail then.
lol
You might be better off having a config.json.tmp that you give to sed and have sed output config.json
No, you'll have a stale config.json
so you might want to remove it beforehand
for apollo?
oh, you mean sdk
yeah, --flag and -flag are the same
use whichever you fancy
@SeanJ Silver chains are even better!  Less pretentious but still classy :p
@MichaelCatlin Here's the link, I'll let you know when it's done syncing
(flutteryay)
So could you test out the stuff that broke libsass/spracker before and make sure it's ok now?
coolio
if you're using the gem
moov is the ruby wrapper that calls stdmoov
if you are using debian/brew
moov is the shell wrapper that calls stdmoov
no
the binary name is stdmoov
in all cases
yeah
sorry
in the gem the binary is moov
and the ruby wrapper is also moov
I think, let me check
Hmm
we could
but it will mean changing the packaging scripts
yeah
it did
I believe the reason why we chose to keep the name was to make it clear which version you were using
huh?
I mean, we can just call stdmoov moov
and call it a day
no
Sean wanted moov version to return a clean version number
it helps with scripting
I say
just rename stdmoov to moov
that's what we distribute
everyone is happy
powermoov is still powermoov, servermoov is still servermoov
but those are internal only
and helps us know what we're running
reasonable?
@SeanJ @hcatlin sound good?
If you're running the stuff we distrubute publicly, yes
If you're running internal stuff, it might say powermoov, moov, or servermoov depending on which package you run : p
I think that's a user permission issue
if you're running in sudo, I don't think there's a way for us to know what you're other usename is to chown it to that.
is there?
@MichaelCatlin try removing it locally and generating a project, if anything breaks, add it back : p
I shows you in a second
also, @ZhigangChen2
that seems silly
if anything, we should do 666
I think right now we're doing 655
So if we change the perms to 666, the file can be removed by a normal user even if it was created by sudo?
lemme try it
yeayh
did the min change to 3 instead of 4?
@SeanJ a lot of links on accenture redirect you to the desktop site
http://mnosaka.accenture.com/us-en/technology/global-delivery/Pages/index.aspx
I *think* this might be because of the www rule issue
but I'm not certain
okie dokes.
@TarunDesikan I'll look into the dropped upstream issue
In that case, go ahead and make a github issue if you still haven't figured it out with repro steps and we'll get to it eventually.
excellent
@AaronLeung can you help Naseem with his gosass error?
@JoseEspinosa Looks good
@JoseEspinosa instead of "the user" say "Make sure you have..."
/is taking a nap, please text/call him to wake him up if he doesn't respond and you need him
lame
/me is taking a nap, please text/call him to wake him up if he doesn't respond and you need him
/me woke up, everyone rejoice!
@HariAnanth sudo chgrp root hosts
oh, also, if we haven't talked about it, we should talk about the warnings in bourbon
we could
or we could delete the reference of them in the default projects
and if the user decides to use them
he'll get the warnings
that's another option
indeedy doo
coo
@JajaB mmdayaram474.mlp.wikia.com
@JajaB is there any way I can get the apollo gem?
that was deployed?
hey @MichaelCatlin
lovely day, wouldn't you say?
redo what?
er, what about it?
thankee again!
@JajaB https://plus.google.com/u/0/photos/107234017478509748854/albums/5766352306119252657/5781832754413734370?authkey=CN2etNK4x_2BUA
cool
Hmm, not I
@hcatlin sticky note #1 is not mine
Should only be the first time
DANCE
beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
bees
wrong emo
http://emo.hazasite.net
@JajaB how does git know which ssh key to use when doing a git push?
or rather, when you made moov login, you give the user a choice of which key to upload to apollo
Hmmm
ok, I'll test it out, maybe ssh just takes care of that stuff for us.
great
that's all fine and dandy
but I"m assumming we're not setting that up when the user calls moov login
Hmm, cause the user coudl do a moov login, pick some random key that's not id_rsa, and then when you do a git push, git will use id_rsa by default unless they specify it themselves, no?
From the description, it looks like it tries id_rsa by default, and that's that, but I'm gonna try it out right now and see what I get.
so if you have millions of keys...it just tries all of them..that's crazy.
sounds good, ok, good, phew
@NaseemMakiya http://theoatmeal.com/quiz/sriracha_addict
@all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jG7vhMMXagQ
@SeanJ I'm gonna file a lighthouse ticket to juan to deploy 4.0.88 in the build box.  He probably won't get to it till tomorrow morning, but I figured that's fine.
Unless you'd prefer me to wait?
not mps
this is the buildbox
(only used for moov compile)
k
@MichaelCatlin What's the github link to file issues for the docs?
is that in the moovweb repo?
(indeed)
excellent
@MichaelCatlin You said no videos, right?
What about attached source code?
Would that be updated?
We could get it (from jenkins) if they REALLY need it.
@AaronLeung http://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony
@ZhigangChen2 How do I add the remote?  What username should I use?
IE7?  Hide your kids, hide your wives! (ajcower)
heh
@MichaelCatlin change is pushed, you should try it out and make sure everything is working ok
(flutteryay)
Oooh
take pictures
Yes
I've never been to Beijing
sooooooooooo bored
I got another flower
that's how bored I am
my desk now has three plants
ha
You mean a bunch of touristy shops? I sure hope not :p
Yep yep, I assume the tournament will take a while
so I wouldn't worry, you should be able to breeze through the bracket once you get back :p
ha
Sorry sir, you will have to work your way up the bracket like everyone else :p
You just have to come back for the tournament.  Get a ping pong tournament visa
those exist, right?
There's sample code you can run if you go to mirrorhttp/ssltest/gossl
@MatB http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quine_(computing)
oh windows...
If someone gives me access to the repo, I can mess around with it tonight on my windows box too.
k
If it was the path slash stuff
sean would've definitely experienced it
yeah
he did, I had the pleasure of helping him set that up :p
Sean also had that line in main.scss commented
(the one including the _reset file)
and it still worked?
ooo?
@HariAnanth still need my help?
I'm up for it if you're up for it
does @HariAnanth still need my help?
soooooooooo
hari, still need my help?
I had to...
use selenium
to make it work
I can give you the script
You need to install the selenium-webdriver gem
gem install selenium-webdriver
too large to email, will send you a dropbox link
I just tarred the entire directory (includes test videos/images)
gotta wait for dropbox to sync though
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/sharpie.tar.gz
let me know when you
re done downloading it
I'd like to remove it from my dropbox :p
cool, deleting
so no fancy friday?
so semi-fancy fridays?
business casual fridays?
why not?
ha
so you don't own one is what you're saying?
But if you were, you would own one
But then you own a suit, success!
Have you looked into trunk club?
https://www.trunkclub.com/
washington dc? lamesauce
looks cool
@HariAnanth how's the script working out for you?
how come?
No, selenium doesn't click on the browse file button, that would cause it to crash
to programmatically set the input
set the value attribute
What's the id of the input you're setting the value of?
you need this guy: ctl00_PlaceHolderMain_ImageVideoUpload1_imageUpload
are you making it visible with javascript before hand?
yeah, so you do setAttribute("style", "") or something like that, right?
weird
what language are you doing this in?
no idea
yeah, I dunno
that's weird
it must be a selenium feature
to be able to handle that
however it does
sorry I can't help
I wonder if this link works:  https://dl.dropbox.com/s/6xy88tdntjeegn3/2012-09-07%2013.16.29.jpg?dl=1
It's Friday, what do you think we're up to?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfVsfOSbJY0
@MatB This video is awesome
@AaronLeung do you have a link to the github issue regarding the libsass crash?
there is, or at least, there should be
here we go
http://cuteoverload.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/20120909-191334.jpg?w=560
I was wondering
Where my "proxy" domain is "noj.com" but I'm proxying "cuteoverload.com"
Yes
could be anything really
cookie name: myfavoritepug
value: joe
value "joe the pug"
sorted?
ah
I see I see
my vocab increases every day ^.^
neato
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ns7Z8ag4oSY&feature=player_embedded
/me on acid: http://cdn.uproxx.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/droste-effect-troy.gif
Guys, I think we need to do some pair programming in this house.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYBjVTMUQY0
Excellent!  I have Tarun's support.  Make it happen!
@SeanJ Tarun tells me there's a known bug in windows for 4.0.88 where it nil pointers on generate.  There's someone in the support room with this bug, can we give them 4.0.90 to try out?
oh oh
no, that one is fixed
it's probably this one
=(
Mahesh experienced the nil pointer during generate
if you file more, you can get the happy duck punk duck =D
yeah, he wasn
wasn't*
and when I asked him to use it, he signed off =(
omni-mobile is legacy
we want everyone to use simple-mobile
omni-mobile should go extinct after a while.
Hmm
register is not working?
Let me take a look
oh wait
this is in apollo
you guys removed the build_register function?
ah
the description in the github issue sounds like it makes sense
that's probably what's happening
Hmm
so I guess create and generate can't be transactional.
You *need* to do create and persist it for generate to work.
Unless we somehow bypass the build box on generate.
tested it, was autodownloaded successfully.
Should we bump the version in the generator?
(soawesome)
You can just run
moov mixer upgrade
DONE
or if you're super awesome
you can run
vi Mixer.lock
and edit the file yourself to a known mixer
yes, moov mixer upgrade just updates Mixer.lock file to the latest version that apollo knows about
then next time you run it'll auto-download it
that way you don't have to worry about which version number to change it to
Imagine a world where you have dozens of mixers in your mixer.lock file
you want to upgrade all of them to their latest versions
going in there and figuring that out manually, MAN, what a pain.
just use moov mixer upgrade, and upgrade them all at once!
once we have more functionality, we could do things like moov mixer upgrade simple-mobile
or moov mixer upgrade --all
oh man
so cool
we're legit
@SeanJ I posted the links in the github issue
Also git blame points to Zhigang, but it was at the start of the refactor...so it never worked for 4.0
or 3.5 or 3.6 for that matter.
http://howdoiputthisgently.tumblr.com/post/31474141340
@SeanJ can I get that list of versions for the mixers?
thnx
@SeanJ we don't have any tags for the mixer version that start with zero
0.1.etc..
Those are really odd, and it's very doubtful that any one is using them
do you think it would be ok to skip them from the testing?
alternatively, I guess we could track down the hash of the jenkins job for them, though the testing is probably not even accurate that far down.
by accurate, I mean not the same way we do testing now.
k
I'm back!
all my watches are fixed ^.^
/me leaves room
:p
um
not that I know off the top of my head, tcpdump would be the best way.  The most logs you can get from mps is by using the --debug flag when you run it
not sure if the requests/responses show up with that though
you want to see the whole header?
body included?
hah
probably missing that same header we were missing before
content-type: x-form-data or something like that.
yeah, tcpdump would be the easiest way
so
it looks like we log the request info
with a UDP logger
so if you somehow listen to UDP packets sent from mps
you can catch the logs
if you want to do it that way instead
I think so.
haven't tested it out
just browsing the code
Hmm
wait a minute
it should also be logged to console.
oh
here
do this
run mps with the debug flag
and also
that will log the requests to the console
yeah, that should work
--debug flag tells mps to log to console
you have to start mps *after* touching the file
hmm
failsauce
(rdcry)
@all http://pingpong.hazasite.com
It's version one, cause I'm terrible at rails, ruby, and heroku apparently.
that's my domain
haha
yeah, I didn't know what else to use for hcat
Hmm, did not know I needed approval...well, I only posted the link to platform, so he can change it before it's public
@hcatlin just contemplating here, since we don't have any real data, but how many pushes do you expect we'll get to moovcloud every hour?
I'm trying to decide the mps slug update interval
right now it's checking for new slugs every 10 seconds, which is too excessive.
@SeanJ maybe you have opinions about this as well?
sure
ok....v0.0.2
http://pingpong.hazasite.com/
It has the brackets listed, but it's not interactive.
All the database stuff to make it interactive is there, so it shouldn't be too hard now...
but I'm tired
so me le sleep
@TarunDesikan http://pingpong.hazasite.com/matches/serious
It will begin auto-updating tonight.
for now it's just static though
if you don't have libonig already installed, then year
year*
@JajaB http://webneko.net/
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/golist.txt
@hcatlin If you have GOPATH set, then it doesn't matter where you run the commands, here's some sample output for go list -json
@MichaelCatlin http://www.hungryfools.com/2008/03/after-2-months-of-extensive-development.html
not sure, @AaronLeung do you know?
mac mini in the closet
when I destroy things, I destroy all the things....
(allthethings)
but no, seriously, I'm sorries.
Yeah, property of moovweb now
only if they were changed
name was too long
we have a regex that matches the repo name and gives access
but the regex only goes up to 21 chars
mague extended it to 25
this should block creation of new projects as well
the only reason H&B was in a bad state is because we only started using the regex last week because of another issue
If you try creating a project longer than that, it'll fail too, since the regex is in place, but yeah, having it in apollo gives us control on better error messaging.
what does the index() function do?
inner("") seems right based on semantics, so you're saying that index() is returning 1?
Hmm
cool
charles proxy?
@MichaelCatlin how can i replace everything in a webpage with something else in tritium?
I used $("/html") { set("stuff") } but it didn't work
oooh, lemme try
cool, that worked, thanks!
hmm
sweet! that's exactly what I wanted.  Doing inner forced me to embed it in <html> but set let's you cover everything, thanks
Hm
make a github issue about it
assign it to Sean
and he'll delegate to whoever actually will do it
Hmmm, do we need this test this week?
then assign it to Sean :p
excellent (indeed)
Should be the same type of argument as insert_at
@func XMLNode.insert_javascript_at(Position %pos, Text %js) {\n  insert_at(%pos, "script") {\n    attribute("type", "text/javascript")\n    cdata(concat("//<![ CDATA[ \n", %js, "\n// ] ]>"))\n    yield()\n  }\n}
takes a Position object?
weird
how do you create a position object in tritium?
so you can do
insert_javascript_at(position("top"), "stuff")
but I don't know what are valid arguements to the position function
cause I can't find where it's defined
but I see it being used everywhere like that.
@AaronLeung why do you always blip in the morning?
I see
Cool, thanks
@hcatlin @MatB should I file a github issue about the git server thingy?
@hcatlin doesn't reply to my messages, he doesn't love me (rdcry)
k
hcatlin/libsass doesn't use autoconf?
Hrmrmrmm
I would rather keep the make file
er
autoconf
it's an industry standards
anyways, if that's taking too long, don't worry about it now
but keep in mind that'll have to get fixed in order to get a build in of libsass
I changed the hipchat emoticon website to use moovweb!
emo.hazasite.com.moovapp.com
Now whenever they update the official emoticons, we'll get the updates too ^.^
I already added a CNAME to my DNS, but it hasn't propogated yet -.-
The third code box
yeah
I was insertting things all over the place
mad pro
/me is super pro at tritium now
(philosoraptor)
I don't believe so
I think that's a feature request though, maybe 4.1?
Lemme search github issues
Some time in november I think
buzz words!
We keep your code hot, so that you don't have to ;)
I smell a promotion video here.
Involving laptops in ovens
in clouds
hahaha
@TarunDesikan Promotion video idea, read above!
made it just now :P
=D
(soawesome)
(flutteryay)
Though, remember to fix the make file stuff =x
ah, thanks
test: http://m.universalweather.com/tripsupport/
yay
(flutteryay)
fail?!?
why?
(facehoof)
flutterfail is not a real emo
(twicrazy)
emo.hazasite.com
Now powered by moovweb!
(badpokerface)
/me is all alone in the platform room
/me is dancing in his underwear in the platform room
/me is karate chopping monitors in the platform room
I think there's a github issue for that
removing the flag from the recipe should fix it
but we have to find out why we added the flag in there in the first place =x
yeah
Yeah, no one knows why we even have that flag there =x
so we have to find out whether we actually for for it or not before we remove it.
Lemme look into that now :p
wait what
it's heroku
oh
I see
hampton changed my account
sorry, emo is not heroku, it's moovweb
hampton changed my account name, so now it can't find the slug :p
fixing :p
just need to push again
ok
I can't fix this
nevermind
I fail
at life
You should be disappoint in hampton : p
yeah, but the git server needs to change too
@NaseemMakiya @MichaelCatlin http: //www.youtube.com/watch?v=QK8mJJJvaes
@all emo is back!  http: //emo.hazasite.com/
I'll jump on the blame bandwagon
You check email in the shower, that's pretty hard core.
I might come in later today
if I feel better
maybe after lunch
oh don't worry
lol, ok fine :p
I have to meet someone in the financial district from lunch..
heh
Guess I'll just go there and come back home then :p
sriracha will kill anything...and everything
Hmmm
if someone/thing is being a bastard to someone, does that mean that the someone is the single parent?
This video is making me scared of dick
And by dick, i'm assuming she was referring to richard
Richard will make you slap somebody, hell, maybe even pull a gun on somebody!
ok, i'm done.
really?
that sucks
Never realized that that's what it did
hrrmrmrmrm
I don't like that it alters the state of the issue
I like the fact that it links the commit to the issue if you just mention #issuenum, but actually changing the state of the issue should be a manual process
that's lame
yeah
github, why u so eager to close things >.<
that's not that bad
yeah, but several outings
fancy fridays was in the same par, and was only one night (ajlie)
I'm never opening a tab on my name again (noooo)
We went to a bar, and Tarun convinced me that opening a tab on my name and getting it reimbursed by the company was a good idea :p
question
to everything
should the default option for moov login be to edit your ssh/config file or to not edit your ssh/config file?
I'm leaning towards pro-edit.
But I'm also weary of changing people's conf files by default.
@hcatlin opinion?
this usually is not a problem, as ssh will try all the keys until it finds one that works
however, since we have an open ssh connection to everything with an account, if you have two ssh keys for two different accounts, you won't be able to push to one of them.
The file is the same in all OSes
I already wrote the parsing of it, it would have to be thoroughly tested though.
Yeah, this is a separate issue between the account flipping we talked earlier.
Before we talked about moving the same key from one account to another on moov login
Hmm, I guess this scenario would only apply if we didn't have the previous feature
Hmmmm
ok, yeah, nevermind, this is no longer relevant
forget I said anything
I'm le sick, i don't know what I'm talking about
verbed?
(sadtroll)
I'm assuming it was Chris :p
yes
no
maybe
:p
wow
urban dictionary does not like me
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=noj
so mean (rdcry)
lo;l
Man, my Hampton got stuck in my zipper!
o.0
No, it doesn't ;p
ha
also
chrome crashed on hipchat for me again
Nah, the real Hampton is hipchat's chrome support
:p
heh
Was it phallic?
haha
Hey @JajaB I have a pull request for you to review since it involves logging changes
Field trip to Hampton lake?
but has the *company* been there?
I hate all you sicklings
Stepping out for lunch...
nice
lol
oh mat, wasting your votes away on things that don't matter
sure they do (truestory)
oh, nice
but until then, you don't get to vote?
that's terrible
so if you vote for a bunch of things that'll never get done, you're screwed
I only use the webapp :p
ahhh
that's weird, so I can take my votes back?
wow
so troll
ha
@JajaB let me know when you've taken a look at the two pull requests, I'd like to merge one  of them in to the master branch as well.
yeah
well
I hope
that's the plan
wait till then?
that's fine by me.
k, sounds good
a push of a button by Sean or Hampton :p
(pronounced shompton"
ha
sean
such a silly name
who the hell looks at "sean" and pronounces it "shon"?
oh man, sean2
I did that in middle school to
but on purpose, to tease kids named sean : p
what the what
fancy
yeah
that is better
shawn, shaun, shon, those are all fine
no, those are weird
@hcatlin shouldn't tritium-tester use simple-mobile by default?
or if not, at least it should specify which mixer to use in the UI, no?
nevermind, looks like that's what we're doing.
nope
looks like a syntax error in your tritium
maybe the compiling was off by one or something
or rather, the refreshing
of the code
er
tritium
Man
I installed go in my windows machine
and it told me to restart
so I did
it's been 20 minutes
it's stuck in the shutdown screen
telling me to wait
cause it's configuring stuff
and to "please do not turn off your computer..."
screw you windows
freaking shut down
I'm not, that would brick it
but seriously
that's ridiculous
ok
noj is gonna make soup while windows boots up
miso!
instant miso soup
heat water, add paste and extras
ooh
fancy
sounds delicious actually
@MichaelCatlin show me the horrors
panic during panic
that's like
a double fault
nooooooooooooo
oooh
@MatB you lookin mighty baller
shbang
#!
I use chrome for android
give me a link, and I'll test
Hmm
@MichaelCatlin hold on, have to edit the project to use assets.
@HariAnanth http://mnoj2037.google.com.moovapp.com/
@HariAnanth http://mnoj2037.google.com.moovapp.com/extern_chrome/211caec08439802c.js
http://noj.com.moovapp.com/
https://mmdayaram2036.google.com.moovapp.com/
on slugservers?
I has no access to them.
phew
lol
haha
Hmmm
proxy doesn't use any database related things
so unless someone has their own personal experience with go and databases
I would say we don't
Actually, I got that from the social room :p
@SeanJ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMMlzQsQPk4
macys is kind of funny, make sure they clear their cookies
if they visited the normal macys site before
that might cause some issues
or the production macys site (m.macys.com)(
As far as I can tell, they should work fine in nosaka, @ZhigangChen2 knows more about cookies and how they work though
nope, and that's not good
can you describe the conditions which yielded that?
interesting
same error, but hard crash this time?
oh, what was the different error?
@ZhigangChen2 http://www1.macys.com/shop/mens-clothing/sale-clearance?id=9559&edge=hybrid&_escaped_fragment_=fn=sortBy%2525253DORIGINAL%25252526productsPerPage%2525253D100%252526!qvp=iqvp
@all trash panic http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7s9W5Q5eAN0
he @hcatlin
hey*
you there?
h to the c to the a to the t
I have a question
can I get a drawer/filing cabinet >.>
1) the candy for the android jar, I need to keep it under lock and key, it seems I can't trust the people in this office anymore.
2) Napkins and utensils, right now they're all over my desk, and it makes me a sad panda.
3) Paper, so I don't have to run to the printer every time I need paper
4) Pens, so that they're not all over my desk, making me sad
5) drugs
6) business cards, so they're not all over my desk making me sad
:p
YES!
I assume the perpretrator will not have enough motivation to lock pick it :p
Soooooooooooooo, can I get one?!?!
Also, clearing my desk from all the work-related stuff will free up my deskspace for fun things!
Like juggling balls, and toys and stuff ^.^
mustache stickers!
Juan helps me a lot :p
:p
soooo, I can haz cabinet??!?!?
plip
@AaronLeung I got a core dump when compiling sass:
er, path
@ZhigangChen2 0adc8d749891ae53cc9ca4e513d627862cfa1d04
is it the github one michael linked?
@hcatlin about the better error messages, please file a github issue with the specific problem which causes non-friendly error messages.  Thanks!
I'm working on jdparts >.>
you know more specifics <.<
yup
do a pull
it's working now
@SeanJ about the pumpkin stuff
Deb convinced me to do it anyways, just spinning it as pumpkin decoration contest rather than carving
But we talked about it and thought doing it on Wednesday would be better
Figured we could order lunch on Wednesday and have people work on it during lunch, we also wanted to do teams based on departments
so like
platform vs mobile dev vs support vs account managers vs financial&admin&marketing, etc...
sound reasonable?
Yeah, there's a lot of people that are in two or three departments
I would leave it free-flowy
but bucketing people in A team is better than telling them to form their own teams
then if they're unhappy about it, they can switch
Teams are based on the people they hang out with most of the time anyways
so that would be nice.
Ok, so I'll send an email about it.  Wednesday is good then?
@SeanJ regarding the connections fix for mps
The fix is in, is the deployment/testing of it higher priority than jdparts?
We can deploy it to the test cluster today, and at least do those steps
test cluster deployment is automated through nooppy
ok
Yep, I doubt Josh would give us that much power :p
yeah, np
Yup
Adding an extra pixel to the image that is overlapping should fix it
(aka, the one that is peeking through"
You mean turn the server on/off without killing/restarting it?
so pause would be like perfect proxy?
@hcatlin I fixed the sprites problem
gonna push the change now
some of our sprite sizes were not divisible by 2
I went through all of them and changed their size to be divisible by 2
and now they're all showing up nicely, without overlaps
you should le pull
I le don't
wait, what?
/me is le confused
/me needs some le cafe
http: //www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGtKGX8B9hU
type
s/type/typo
/s/type/typo
s/us/me/g
sback/wha
soooo/oooooooo/
does not work in the webapp
fails
fails all of you
I prefer fury of the storm:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5i7qZxICwgQ
too late
almost done with all 5 minutes
poor dragon
(?=pattern)\nis a positive look-ahead assertion\n(?!pattern)\nis a negative look-ahead assertion\n(?<=pattern)\nis a positive look-behind assertion\n(?<!pattern)\nis a negative look-behind assertion
^^^ very useful
I've infiltrated the office.
to my surprise, mague beat me to it.
I walked, so if by traffic, you mean crowds of people I had to ninja my way through, then yes.
Looks like the start of the parade is on Spear street too, that's where all the cable cars, cars, and floats are stationed right now.
I dunno
it's super quiet here
once you get to the office, it's totally fine
She's not
she doesn't have a moovweb email yet?
that's very crippling
@SeanJ no, this is only on the moov server command
moov production and mps don't check for open ports
@hcatlin can explain it better, but basically, the idea is that we don't care about waiting 2 minutes for an upstream call, but waiting over 30 seconds for transformations is killer.
Some customers might pay us enough money that we could increase the processing timeout, but their servers might be super slow, so they might not see the effect.
For now it would be global timeout
but eventually we'd like to migrate it to a per-project-basis
Whether that's through giedi or the slug, we have yet to decide.
@ZhigangChen2 are you suggesting we change the logic of max-request-timeout to only look at processing time?
I would rather leave things the way they are for now
Hmm
seems reasonable
also, @SeanJ about moov login
You're right in the behavior that you described
perhaps we should call it git_ready or something
yes
no
the feature is fully integrated, it doesn't need any apollo changes
this is all about managing the state in the sdk side
before, the SDK had no idea whether we uploaded keys or not
apollo knows if we uploaded *a* key, but not from which box
sure, I'll rename to the ssh_key_uploaded
@SeanJ actually, the flag is currently called ".push-ready"
:p
semantics issue...guess It doesn't matter much
you can push to moov cloud
the idea is the following:  push ready encompasses what we'd like to accomplish --> to push to moov cloud, if the flag is there, we should be able to push to moov cloud
ssh-key-uploaded encompasses an action that took place
it says that a key was uploaded
right now that's the same as saying we're push ready
but it might not be in the future.
that's the same thing....
no, push ready is vague in the sense of what took place, but it's descriptive in the sense of what you can do if the flag is there.
ssh-key-uploaded is the opposite.
Right, right now it doesn't.
whatever, I changed it to ssh-key-uploaded
sigh
I fixed one github issue, refresh my github issues page, and the counter increased instead of decreased
yeah, no worries, it was just a moment of demotivation :p
k
yeah, we have a lot
@SeanJ it would be a pretty big pain, we would have to apply it to every go installation in all the slave machines, and if any of them went down, we'd have to reapply it in the new go installation.
But the SSL error that it fixed was for a single demo customer
How is this relevant to host_maps
Are you saying we should disallow upstreams that have a path?
Ok.  Let's close that issue and just add this as a comment to the hostname validator issue.
The actual issue has no actionable items, right?
@JoseEspinosa I posted a message on that thread
@TarunDesikan do you know how to make nginx read config files from a custom location?
Hmmm, doesn't seem to be working...
ok, figured it out
it's a combination of both -p and -c
I'm just using the one installed in nosandbox
Maybe we should have a ticket for ops to update the nginx for production
Up to you ;)
make sure libiconv is before libxml
everything else doesn't matter
is this windows?
oh, you should ask aaron, he recently tried to get the build environment to work in windows
It's just the default rails template =(
Z made some major changes to the asset server
what exactly is the issue you're seeing?
@MichaelCatlin go test -v ./test/omni-mobile
Hmm
@ZhigangChen2 for (( i=0;i<$2;i++ ))\ndo\n	if [ "$1" == "normal" ]; then\n		normal_call\n	elif [ "$1" == "timeout" ]; then\n		timeout_call\n	fi\ndone
Hmm, yeah, I've seen maybe 10ish or so today...
oh
they're all from cluster 2 (test cluster)
me and Z were testing some stuff there
should be fine
false alarm
yeah
investigating now with sean
/me highfive
@SeanJ http://mlocal.macys.com/shop/mens-clothing/sale-clearance?id=9559&edge=hybrid&_escaped_fragment_=fn=sortBy%2525253DORIGINAL%25252526productsPerPage%2525253D100%252526!qvp=iqvp
@ZhigangChen2 git@ec2-75-101-201-206.compute-1.amazonaws.com
um
sadness
where are you?
I'm doing that right now actually
result is in json, which is hard to parse in bash, so making a python script to deal with it.
hmm
is there any filtering that we can do in the request?
like, in the request to get all simple mobile mixers, can I also request that I only want the publicly released ones?
Hmm
ok, that should be good enough for now
thanks!
np
that was weird
he had a super old version of manhattan gem
3.3, he must be an avid user :p
yeah, that's bazaar
hai, sou desu ka
is the fix in deploy branch?
was it tested?
okie dokie, deploying
@JoseEspinosa It's deployed, please test
will have to check
I just assume installshield premier lets me do whatever I want...including puppies, rainbows, and unicorns
honestly, it might be easier to do that :p
Git wrote their own installer (which is why it doesn't play nice with installshield btw) :p
bloop
is there an issue apollo for this already?
yes, pushing allowed
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMM0R19IisI
I love the autotune craze
tis my favorite
I've been meaning to play with it too, but I'm not musically talented
known issue, we're working on it right now
looks like its working now
nvm
ugh
Hmm
ask them to run ssh-keygen
then call moov login after that, and upload the keygen they generated from ssh-keygen
Hmm
I see
lemme see if I can take over..
Hmmmm, looks like windows thinks his home directory is c:\windows instead of...what it's supposed to be...
@hcatlin you around?
oh, nvm
I asked other people....it was about opinions regarding setting the HOME varialbe in the windows installer
@JoseEspinosa Master is broken, looks like it's a butler compile time error.
assets/images?
it was all like, nuh uh?
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeird
I wonder...
*digs in buildbox code*
Nope, we should be uploading them to our assets
you can't?
hmm
I think the ports thing is fixed
Or i think Z fixed it
you should ask him for confirmation.
oh @ZhigangChen2 ! Mat has a question for you =D
cool!
oh man, the blue thing still throws me off a bit
but everything else is amazing
oh...the search bar is kinda weak =/
yeah, still don't like it :p
Where does it say that?
btw, search bar doesn't even work
=(
I am using chrome =(
box is colored so that I can't read what I type, and pressing enter doesn't search =(
oh, there it goes
I was typing random stuff too quickly, so it didn't come up with anything
the search box should be raised a bit too, it's off center from the rest of the stuff in that row
And the font is serif?  that's different from all the things!
Good, if Mat was our only client, we'd be set :p
Let's get dkleined in here, he'll rape it pixel by pixel :p
that fixes?
lemme try
omg, so much better
btw
search bar looks like crap on everything except mac :p
(tested on windows chrome)
tested windows (chrome, firefox, IE), and linux (chrome, firefox), all have a crappy search bar
Hari is looking into it, he has an idea why
Sounds good
@MichaelCatlin I can't replicate paul's issue =(
http://mstage.warehouse.co.uk works fine =/
It's hard to say
It's weird that he can access it
cause he can see the connection being dropped error message
which means he reached us, and the connection being dropped is an error between us and warehouse.co.uk
But that doesn't change between me and him
so I don't understand why it would work when I hit it in here, vs him hitting it.
guys
api.go makes me cry
@AaronLeung Original:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3K21rLBEfeM
Basically, taylor swift won a VMA award
and kanye west interrupted her acceptance speech
and now, autotuned:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D51teLDO59c&t=4s
it is
and so, the internet decided to make a meme out of Kanye
http://www.popcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/09/Kanye-West-Imma-Let-You-Finish-500x331.jpg
all time!
true that
or not if him and MC were rivals
hey guy
I am not authorized to access that page
if you change the hostvar, you have to build again before the change takes effect
woot, I can see it now
Yeah, for now you do
I think we're working on a way to force a no-op build
yup yup
Guys, I'm scared of bro-friday...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zvTRQr7ns8
@NaseemMakiya maybe they're spelling mobile wrong?  If it's misspelled, it woudl default to "base"
I think
actually, let me check that
nevermind
it tells you it's wrong
if its mispelled
that's not gonna work
he's gonna have to change his hostmap
wow, I just realized that when I mentioned Naseem, that message probably popped up on his laptop >.<
how?
looking at the logs
only one of your builds failed (because the hostnames you were using were already taken)
the other builds succeeded.  Check apollo
@JoseEspinosa
what do you mean?
what was the question?
Hmmm
brew uninstall doesn't work?
Hmmm, not sure
perhaps they can just run brew upgrade moovweb?
can you give that a try and see if it works?
@SeanJ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PsnxDQvQpw
@AaronLeung http://mmdayaram3067.cuteoverload.com.moovapp.com/  This project is importing body.ts and it's running in moovcloud A-OK!
Yeah
It was an upstream problem
well
kind off
of*
why?
what happened was that the form they were trying to submit
had a hidden CSRF token
but the form was malformed html
(as in, the input was outside the <form> element)
because of this
when it went through our parser
the input was not included in the form
and so if you submitted, you would send the form without that input, and that's when the upstream would go "blargh"
so they basically just have to fix their forms in the upstream side, was all.
But that was a very specific issue
Instead of going "dropped upstream connection, EOF", their server should've returned an error message
so they're handling it particularly incorrectly.
right
Z pointed out, that if they were trying to do a perfect proxy, then the form was fine
I believe the problem was that they were moving the form to a specific location using tritium
but the input CSRF element was outside the form, so it didn't get moved along with it.
that's how they got disconnected.
and then they must've probably removed it using tritium as well unintentionally.
@MichaelCatlin any word regarding that git isseu?
hmm
okie dokes
@ZhigangChen2 http://play.golang.org/
@JoseEspinosa Hampton said "sleep and fluids" to answer your question
build box already has 4.1.224
As far as the api call, I'm going to need the parameters necessary to make the call, and where to get the information.
Sure.  I'll test it out and then deploy it, just send me over the info regarding what api call I need to make to apollo
@JoseEspinosa let me know when the changes are in apollo master branch so that I can check locally.
What I do:  I added the build directory to my PATH, and now can run those scripts from anywhere
Examples:  If I want to compile a target but don't want to pull/clone all its dependencies, I use "gb"
gb manhattan/targets/powermoov
If I want to run a compiled target, I use "run" -->  This will set LD_LIBRARY_PATH, DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH, or PATH depending on your OS
ldrun is good for running go tests (at least that's what I use it for mostly)
go test ./tritium/test will throw and error if LD_LIBRARY_PATH is not set
so I just use "ldrun go test ./tritium/test"
Let me know if you guys find it useful.
ha, ok
that's right
I checked out the js-redirection branch in apollo right now
and have been testing the flow
it looks like for some projects, it works ok
but for others, I get a 422
on the host_map_registration call
not sure why exactly, no error messages are spat out.
for example
mdayaram/dashy <-- works fine
noj/hipchatemo <--- 422 error
I traced it to line 151
in app/models/project.rb
that's what's causing the error
I can show you what the two hostmaps look like
This is mdayaram/dashy
[{"Direction":"=\u003e","Cookie_Domain":".cuteoverload.com","Upstream_Value":"http: //cuteoverload.com","Upstream_Protocol":"http","Upstream_Host":"cuteoverload.com","Upstream_Port":80,"Proxy_Value":"http: //noj.cuteoverload.com","Proxy_Protocol":"http","Proxy_Host":"noj.cuteoverload.com","Proxy_Port":80},{"Direction":"=\u003e","Cookie_Domain":".cuteoverload.com","Upstream_Value":"https: //cuteoverload.com","Upstream_Protocol":"https","Upstream_Host":"cuteoverload.com","Upstream_Port":80,"Proxy_Value":"https: //noj.cuteoverload.com","Proxy_Protocol":"https","Proxy_Host":"noj.cuteoverload.com","Proxy_Port":80}]
bastards
hipchat shrank it
the only difference I can tell is that one has one host rule, while the other has two host rules
(the one with two host rules fails)
sure
using js_redirection branch in apollo
sending you the config.json files right now.
Hmmmm, that didn't used to be a problem.  That project is live right now, so the hostnames can't be duplicated
what part of the code throws the error? Is it something that depends on it starting with the hostvar?  Cause that won't always be the case.
They're in
Right now we're ignoring errors
when we release 4.1.225, I'll turn error checking on
Also, when we release apollo :p
If there's any errors when uploading the hostmap or when trying to read host_map.moov, we ignore them right now
since, host_map.moov doesn't get created yet, and apollo isn't set up to receive the call yet.
Once those two pieces are in place, I'll turn error checking on, so if your project doesn't create a host_map.moov, we'll stop the build, and if apollo responds with an error, we'll stop the build.
@SeanJ I need user/pass info for rentacenter
@ZhigangChen2 172.16.0.191
mlocal.cuteoverload.com
@SeanJ http://sanfranliving.tumblr.com/post/33903719765/if-someone-brings-la-boulange-breakfast-for-the-whole
I'm sure we can recreate it next time you bring some caneles :p
true
Yeah, I had to mess with it a bit cause it didn't let me add the 4.2 filter normally
Had to browse to all issues in MoovSDK and then click on issues from 4.2, then click on issues assigned to me only :p
I think it's because not all kinds of issues have the field "Fix Version"
i don't think that it's the value thing, but rather, some types of issues don't have the field "fix version" in general, so like, issues under Ops, 1800flowers, etc... they don't have a "Fix Version" field in their templates, so when I go to My Open Issues and try to add a filter for Fix Version, it tells me that it's invalid in this scope
weird
Yeah, it tells "Fix Version is not applicable for the current project and/or issue type"
project being the MoovSDK
but if I just browse the MoovSDK page
and click through there
it's fine
anywho
look at the satisfying yet pointless arguments we're having about music release dates, almost as satisfying as music labels :p
woops, wrong window
my social chats have spread to other rooms :p
@all I'm going to call it a day, get some more rest.
later
feel free to call if something happens
yeah, could be a few things.  I'm still in commute, is someone else around to help?
ask him to run ssh-add <path to key>	in git bash
where his key got generated.  if he doesn't know, then it's probably the default, in which case, you can just run ssh-add without any arguments
ugh, I spent a good while trying to figure that one out and got no where =(
I know it's some kind of conflict between the git that comes installed with cygwin and the git that we install, but that's all I got.
tried installing cygwin to replicate, but couldn't =(
@MichaelCatlin it looks like he probably tried running "git bash" in the command line
^.^) :: /home/noj $ git bash\ngit: 'bash' is not a git command. See 'git --help'.\n\nDid you mean this?\n	stash\n
Yeah...
yes, sorry, was working with jaja on something
yeah, identity added is good
ask him to try pushing again
no, that shouldn't be necessary
@hcatlin I'd be fine with that
not today though :p
it worked?!?!?!
omg, so happy!
I love it when the first thing I suggest works ^.^
so if you generate a new key, and ssh-agent is already running, it won't recognize the key until it's added to its cache
ssh-add adds it to the agent's cache
the ssh-agent is the thing that does the authentication when you do ssh operations, including git ones.
one way to fix it is to restart the agent, but that's pretty intense, ssh-add just tells the agent there's a new key
I'll make sure we do that automatically starting 4.2
that would be super useful
though I hope that when she uninstalls cygwin, that it doesn't leave any remnants of itself that might skew things off.
oh
dam
I remember this
ugh
Hmm
let me spend some time looking it up a bit
ok
so a "bad file number" error in windows
means that the port is blocked
probably an antivirus or windows firewall
on port 22
@MichaelCatlin
yup, glad that uninstall cygwin fixed it.
though that's still unconcerning...
bloop
sigh, everyone is gone
hello!
I'm feeling much better...woke up like an hour ago.
I took all the drugs possible.
didn't sleep too well last night, nose was too stuffy, didn't take enough drugs.
oh, nice
did you order whiskey sour with bourbon?
did you look badass?
is there gonna be a second date?
hahahhaa
I saw that same sign somewhere
where did you take that picture?
oh
in that case
that sign exists somewhere in san francisco!
go find it!
@MichaelCatlin did you get your question answered?
ok, cool
@SeanJ do you still have your github to jira script?
I was thinking that it might be a good idea to transfer over all the closed github issues to jira (closed jira issues that is).  It would help in terms of searching for old issues.  We wouldn't have to search JIRA and then github if we suspect we tackled something already.
@all http://www.quickmeme.com/Ridiculously-photogenic-guy/
other option is to stick with apollo
actually, that might be more complicated
As long as our mascot is this guy:  http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20091021193516/phineasandferb/images/7/7e/Perry_the_platypus.png
then I don't care what we're called.
also
I hated the name plop from the beginning
fyi
But I do like the platypus being a our mascot
if we're playing this game: http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=manoj
I am
I am so good, people can't even understand my skills
That is indeed one of my many skills
to panic kernels
yep, one sec
it's syslog
seriously
I feel like I spent all day today just looking through JIRA emails
(raritywhine)
(noooo)
@SeanJ @hcatlin you guys are mean, please answer my phone calls :p
Being remote is so sad.
(sadtroll)
excellent
did you ask about the platypus mascot?
lame
@AaronLeung it looks like the mixer tests are still failing, is this expected? (by the way, the mixer tests only run against the master branch)
Could you guys take a look at them?  I fixed a compile time issue with the mixer tests, but the tests themselves are still failing.
If it seems like an issue Z caused, just bump it to him
thanks
versioning control system
Hmm
I would sub "system" for "service"
since git is a versioning control system
but github is more of a service
Hmmm, but we do kind of host projects : p
checking
Works like a charm
thanks
Yeah, that would be good
yup, ok
k
I've tested normal http and that seems to work fine
testing ssl now
Hmm
x-forwarded-for doesn't seem to be appended on https requests...did the nginx ssl config get updated in cl02?
No, that's not right.
or is it?
hmll
hmm
no, it's fine, I missed a spot in the configs, fixing it now'
k
@JajaB Hmm, still not working
hrmrmrmrmr...let me see if I missed any other spots...
@AaronLeung @ZhigangChen2 did you guys take a look at the mixer tests and tritium-tester repos and why they're failing?
I guess people are out for lunch
which reminds me, I should have lunch
ya, saw the email
I figured we would use confluence for that
instead of making our own
That seems to be the case for tritium-tester
but the simple-mobile failure is test failures
seems to be regarding the path changes
right
thanks
@all I fixed the issues with tritium tester.
But I would like to point out that the issues are from at least three different people.
Please check jenkins after you make any commits to see if something is broken, honestly, it's not that hard to figure out if something that broke is from your changes.
go home
and party it up at home like I am!
heh
the hell?
oh man, I'm gonna hang my stockings on it!
@AaronLeung you broke tritium 4.1 =(
PITA?
I thought we decided we wouldn't backport it but just hack it?
True...
sweet
@AaronLeung looks good
so this contains the fix so that read(..) and @import .. don't check outside the scope, right?
k, let me build a manhattan and then we can test with the created gem/package
Hmm, that is less important than this one
the build is gonna take a while, so I'll test it later today
have to test the apollo deploy now anyways
yeah
do
inside ambrosia
sorry
inside ambrosia/test
run
go test --mixer=simple-mobile --test-data=../transform
@AaronLeung the changes you made for the backport, were those only in the tritium repo?
k
what is it?
that's weird...jenkins doesn't seem to get that anymore
I don't get that either
did you pull the ambrosia repo? (it doesn't get pulled with the build sccripts
)
cool
Hmm, I'm seeing that too
looks like it
it's the flush_client script
supposed to flush cdn cache
but I don't know what exactly it's doing, it's an ops scripts, need to pull in ops for this.
don't have the source for it.
It's calling /usr/bin/flush_client --build $1 in the build box
Is jaja in the office?  he doesn't seem to be responding?
Well, looks like this affects all pushes
so pushes are out of commission until this is resolved...
this should've been caught by our current monit check
I asked in ops room, no one is responding.
thanks
@all we need to have a status page for our customers now that we have lots of moving parts.
Something like this:  http://status.edgecast.com/
Would a tailored one for each customer be beneficial, or is generic enough?
in terms of generic, what do we have?
True
like the home page in noopy
plus a few things like pushing
In fact, why *aren't* we using the home page of nooppy as our current status page.
That's perfect.
Just missing the pushing bit :p
Right right, what I'm saying though is that the status checking has already been built, should be super quick to push it to a simple front end site and put it behind status.moovweb.com
anywho, does't matter, as long as it's in the roadmap, I'm happy
tell them do run this on the terminal
curl -D /dev/stdout -o /dev/null m.mysite.com
It will output a few things, one of them will be
X-S-V: myacount/myproject <githash>
oh, you mean version of sdk
yeah
that too
oh, we could've just told him that, :p
that's the same for everyone
should be
yup, it is
is his problem libsass or something?
@Ishan moovops?
moovstatus?  what would be a good name, we should nab it as soon as possible
lol
twitter handle hoard
@SeanJ the build box is running moov version 4.1.225, can we prerelease that one in apollo?
@MichaelCatlin the build box is building the project using 4.1.225 to build the project, Sean is in the process of pre-releasing it so Paul can download it once that's done.
@SeanJ was 4.1.225 prereleased?
k
cool, thanks
It is
automatically creating a git tag for their repo
whenever they push to moov cloud
I'm still somewhat meh about the idea
but the big peeps want it.
It's basically a human-readable name for a githash
It would't happen every commit, but the big peeps want it to happen on every push to moovcloud
ugh, the more I think about the feature, the less I like it
oh well...
Yeah, but unless they do a pull from moov cloud, they won't get to see the build number at all
juicer?, you mean the nutribullet?
nice
momma sent that to me
told me to drink more blended juices
Oh moms
My mom doesn't have a cell phone :p
Also, I'm telling your wife you asked for my moms phone number :p
ha
heh
where did I come into play with this?
I'm the victim here
Nice
did you go to foreign cinema?
@MatB I'm also the loser cause I'm home sick instead of in the office with my juicer
Glad you liked the place
nice
fourth date this weekend?
hahaha
@MatB keeping everyone in line
make sure you bring your military drill sergeant hat when you come by =D
(rdsalute)
As per Seans suggestion, i got a bunch of blueberries from instacart to munch on
Unfortunately, they seem to be frozen blueberries
Now I'm chomping on frozen blueberries, not as delicious, but I hope for similar results.
I CAN'T! My blender is at work ='(
Hmm, I have a hammer, that's the closest to a meat tenderizer :p
@MichaelCatlin @NaseemMakiya Peeps in the support chat
ah
yeah, no worries, I would help them out, but a little busy at the moment
no
only assets and slug
do you want to add one?  Shouldn't be too hard, requires changes in apollo and BB
lol
ask me a question, and then run to post pictures in the social room before I get a chance to answer :p
:p
If you want a max git repo size
create a JIRA issue
probably under Build box
and I'll get to it
also specify what you want the size to be :p
make sure you give it the 4.2 fix version
(or 4.3 if you want to wait for that)
ah
checking now
hmmm
well, not sure if this is the issue
but first thing that strikes me as odd
she's trying to generate the project inside the System32 folder
which is a bad idea in general
Yeah, definitely cd somewhere else
that's the other thing
the authenticity thing is not a big deal, that happens the first time you try to ssh to our server
but
the weird thing is
it tried to write to /h/.ssh/known_host
which means her home directory is fudged
ssh thinks her home directory is in /h/
So I would say
tell her to set her HOME directory
to C:\Users\HERUSERNAME
in the Environment Variables settings for control panel, there's a link somewhere, lemme fetch it.
http://www.itechtalk.com/thread3595.html
I think we have an issue in zendesk about this too
lemme check
hmm, can't find
But yeah, those are the two things that jump at me
do you want me to reply, or you gots it?
alrighty, cool
np, I hope this solves their issue, this is almost a month or two old
@all I'm upgrading the build box to 4.1.226 to include @AaronLeung 's changes that fix the security issue with read(...) and @import ...
@SeanJ can you prerelease 4.1.226, it's the same as 225 except it has Aaron's security fixes for read(..) and @import ..
thanks
d'awww
he looks so fuzzy
"ohai!"
http://i.qkme.me/3ski0f.jpg
>.>  It's our unfortunate legacy environment variable that can be used to override where we read mixers and other information from.
changing it is rather cumbersome now, since I haven't a clue how many ops things might use it.
But if you would like a better name, we could introduce a new one...
Something like, MOOV_DATA or something
http://i.qkme.me/3ski18.jpg
They're usually auto-downloaded for you.
Hmmm, I don't believe we have a public facing page where you can download them.  I can give you a link, but a user would not be able to find it themselves.
what you could do
does intramoov have the server command?
It does look that way
Ok, calm down :p
oh, yeah, that's where moov server usually downloads them to
I will sit here and pretend I'm part of the meeting.
deedle deedle doot, dooby doo
just ate a whole bunch of gummy vitamins
I'll be tip top shape in the morn!
If we integrate with github
I think it makes sense to push a tag to github
but tagging our repo doesn't make sense
We could have an option
erm, nevermind
we don't need an api
not our build key, but *a* key
what does that have to do with github?
oh
no
I don't think we should pull code from github
yea
code, yes, tags, not so much
Basically, the idea is that you use github (or any other git hosting service, we don't care) for your version control
You give us a git URI
and during build, we push tags to that URI
doesn't matter if its github or whatever
that is true, that is the one thing
but
if we support our git repo tagging, then we're basically adding a bandaid when we know we need surgery :p
Then we have to support the stop gap even if we do introduce the actual feature...
I would understand the stopgap if no workaround was found
but the workaround is pretty easy
what do you mean?
if we do the github feature, why would we bother tagging our own repos?
That's completely different
tagging locally on the build box does not add the tags to the git server
adding tags to the get server is more involved
we can't just do it on the build box, because if we push, we trigger a build
k
TL;DR:  Manoj is being bitchy again about stupid things :p
cool
@all can someone push something to moov cloud to make sure I'm not crazy?
works?
@SeanJ did it finish?
howdy
yar
truth
(flutteryay)
oh
Hm
I guess so
Um
I think this is a question better asked to ops
but I think it's better for them to use the domain instead of an actual ip
cause we might change things in the future.
oh, prolly ask tomorrow, i hear they're fighting lots of fires today
Oh, @hcatlin can probably answer that question too though
I think what they really want
is have one rule
that will allow all talks with us
so not just one IP
but an IP range
like
123.123.123.123/8  <== this will cover all moov servers, no worries
ok, well, I think that's what they want, or rather, something like that :p
(from the sounds of it)
I guess best answer for now is to tell them No, use the domain name, and then we can figure out if we want to support an IP range whitelist later
The two that are required for sure
are
git.moovweb.com on port 22 (might be blocked)
those are the only ones
that the SDK needs
blargh
I forgot my work laptop at work
fml
(raritywhine)
It's ok, still have lots to do without it.
howdy
nooooooooooo
(noooo)
did they try
?
ok
Sounds good
also ask them to run
and to put the output on the ticket
Desired output should be a message telling them "Hi { user }! You've successfully authenticated, but Moovweb doesn't provide shell access."
If they get a timeout error, or a bad file number error, it probably means that it's a firewall issue
if they get a "Permission denied (public key)" error, then it means the SSH keys are not setup correctly, or locally their ssh is not using the correct key.
@TarunDesikan @MichaelCatlin Please chat here about our internal issues :p
got the email
but clicking the link redirects me to the error I get
For brew and linux, it's a good idea
for windows, we have an issue to add an exception to windows firewall by the installer
though I'm not sure how likely that will be.
beta?
Hmm, not sure, I still get the error, but if it's a DNS entry, it could take up to a few hours to refresh
ah, so it was a URL setting in zendesk, got it.
doesn't work for me =(
still doesn't work
:p
oh my
ok
@MichaelCatlin ask boris to generate a project with a *new* name
Either that, or ask him to git clone the older project.
I'm locked out =(
git cloning is an issue that is currently on helpdesk that I wanted to provide input for but I can't cause I can't access helpdesk :p
I still can't :p
lol
I don't think it was horribilia
because I've accessed help desk relatively recently, definitely monday I believe.
@MichaelCatlin k
@MichaelCatlin It's the same problem we had before, he must've created his account after horribilia, which means he's not the owner of his account
yup, should be the same fix.
@MatB as a side note, can we add a migration in the next apollo deploy that finds all people that aren't owners of their own account and makes them so?
Yeah, if someone signs up now they should be good
@TarunDesikan only happens to people who signed up between Friday and Monday
of last week
(fix was out monday, right?)
Oh, no, this is a completely different issue from zendesk
True, but that should be the end of that one :p
yeah
hmm, let's talk in support as to not confuse these guys :p
Also, it seems that Boris could access zendesk, so normal users are fine.
Oooh
that looks like all the people with problems except sean
g'night
I tried, but my shrink told me to stop coming :p
Ha
Ok, I'm spent :p
yar, g'night sir
hmmm, lemme try
what version of moov @MichaelCatlin ?
Yeah, I only got one domain too
@MichaelCatlin wikipedia.org still works, as in, it gets all the subdomains
@MatB SDK::SiteAnalyzer couldn't determine page encoding for craigslist.org: Sorry, we can't guess the encoding on a nil object
Should I open a JIRA issue?
ah, excellent :p
I'll make one.
doen
done*
no worries
there's a bug in apollo
I submitted an issue
mat's gonna look at it
also
@MichaelCatlin we have a workaround for the ssh problem
Juan ran SSH on port 22 and 443, took him like two seconds
moov generate still hardcodes to use 22, so that won't work
but you can tell them to git clone using this (and it should work)
yar
I still don't have access
we should have both
halp.moovweb.com
just CNAME to help.moovweb.com
back
sorry
what's up?
omg, i want to kill myself.
let's do moov server first
you need to create a formula...it's a little involved, is this for a customer?
If you give me the tar.gz file, I can create a link with it that they can just "brew install <link>"
ah
lemme set that up for ya.
@MichaelCatlin brew install https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/moovweb.rb
yup
@JajaB http://noj.cc/p/everybodyhurts
@MichaelCatlin @NaseemMakiya the port 22 fix has been pre-released in apollo
yupyup
It should be live in prod right now
so check logstash mps logs
mps logs with @severity = request
those logs should contain a field calls "xff"
you need to check three things:
1) x-forwarding-for is set correctly in the normal case
2) if x-forwarded-for is already set, then we append to it rather than obliterate it
3) the above two also work for https
You can spoof the x-forwarded-for with curls
It's a log frontend where all our logs end up, kibana is another one
I'm slightly amused, and slightly annoyed
True, but I still don't see why that would be a cause to block us
@MichaelCatlin that's in the varnish cache.vcl file, under the config directory
the PPP=20
sorry, I'm referring to the support room issue
well
bloomingdales doesn't seem to have it
but macys does (just checked sorry)
macy's is editing a cookie in the varnish cache
the cookie controls the number of items to display per page
the cache.vcl forces the value of the cookie to be 20, regardless of what macys actually responds with
but bloomingdales doesn't have this, so it should be fine...
yeah, but...we rather them not do it...since that feature won't be available in nosaka...at least not through varnish cache
so they want to do the same thing as in macys?  just hardcode products per page to be 20?
Hmm, that seems to be a git error related to several users in the same computer trying to use the same git repository
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1367258/using-git-without-sudo-in-many-accounts
also, sorry about the support thing, I think I just confused myself, might be simpler than I'm thinking, let me know if you need help with it though
@all I feel really dumb asking this, but for the life of me I can't remember and I can't seem to find it, but is there an easy way to delete an element from an array/slice in go? Or do I have to do the shifting in the array myself?
sigh, it's like no one's in chat (rdcry)
too late
nearly 50 minutes too late
like everybody else (raritywhine)
thats fair, real people > electronic people
(ppshrug)
you think this is human like?
http://static1.fjcdn.com/comments/Twisting+her+head+is+the+worst+thing+that+she+could+_0293edb78744aef5700545cfba04b0c5.jpg
indeed
I...don't know anything about that place?
sounds like it's further way from market street
ooooh
BUT THEY RAN OUT OF MILK!
those bastards!
well who's laughing now toaster!
oh
ok
well
still
MILK!
with MILK!
I'm already a member of the YMCA....
video? can someone share?
we were already like a block away from it :p
:p
can someone share the hampton vid?
when are we scheduled to move?
plus, not to mention, change all my addresses
oh my, and all our business cards need to be reprinted!
=(
@all does anyone know how to import inside functions/main.ts?
I tried just having another file inside the functions directory and doing an @import stuff.ts inside main.ts, but that didn't seem to work =(
It's not working for me ='(
that is completely irrelevant to my issue, but if you're just giving them out, I'll take one
but I do have a VM for windows 8, so it's not necessary
yeah, it's not necessary, but always nicer to work with an actual laptop than a VM
oh yeah, definitely, I love the blame, give it to me.
yup, I'm a ridiculously demanding employee :p
Please dump it on my desk so that I may play with it!
woooooooooooooooooo
that's nice, my VM was acting funky anyways, it didn't have a charm bar
look at me, using win8 lingo, charm bar, I'm so pro
yeah, that didn't do anything in my VM
charms bar be broked
OOOoooOooo!
wait
ew
windows phone dev......I guess....that might be useful...
this is going to bring up a whole lot of IE pain, isn't it?
windows phone uses IE, no/
?
oh, no, I mean for people developing websites
right now they've only worried about webkit browsers
if we want to target win phones, they're gonna have to worry about IE
ew, I don't want to read that.
I wish they'd just adapt IE 10 to be more like webkit -.-
indeed
yay
so many laptops
under my desk
I could make a song about them
vista, 7, and now 8
hey
is anyone in the platform room still?
is Jose there? :p
no, you nor doug count :p
@TarunDesikan you still there?
oh, I was going to ask you about the email I just sent out
does help.moovweb.com work for you now?
@lv no way, really?
woots!
Hmm, what of it?
ah
Used to be in butler, gone now, no longer needed
did I break something?
Hmmm, no, I updated that...did you pull?
@JoseEspinosa Are you planning on disallowing hosting assets from a path?
You'd be removing a feature.
we do allow it right now
we allowed anything that started with a slash
or not even
any string passed was allowed
says who?  I can serve my assets from wherever I want.  what if my upstream server is serving the assets on that path?
Hmmm, I guess that's fair.
you said you are forcing the protocol though?
Ok, good, as long as "//" works....
@lv yes, sign all the things with it.
woots
@JoseEspinosa sorry about all my paranoia, asset host was something that we tried to change in the past and broke prior functionality on -- taught us how tricky all the use cases actually were, thus why we kept the rules around it so loose.  I guess now with the way we serve local assets, the rules can be slightly more strict.
I see it
my eyes, they see it!
woots
I just realized something...
I can't get this file over to the windows instance unencrypted
and i can't unencrypt it in the windows instance without sending my private key to the windows instance
blargh!
secureCRT? Hmmm, lemme look that up
Hmmm
brillian!
brilliant!
blargh
Windows wants the private key file to be converted to PVK
BUT, it obviously doesn't provide a native tool to do that...so now I have to use a third party tool to convert my private key.....jesus.
nah, only wants pvk
it's fine, I researched a bit and found a decently trusted tool to make pvk
but now I have a new problem....
yeah
because our original pem key had no password, I left the password field blank in installshield...but now it prompts for a password when you run it -.-
and even so, it says it failed to sign it...blarg
yar, t'was someone's recommendation.
....I want to cry.
...I'm assumming that if I want to change it to a passwordy key, then we need to go through this whole process again...right?
sigh
ok...I'll create a new certificate request....sorry to put you through that trouble again...
I'll make a JIRA ticket for it this time though :p
no, I tried researching, you're right, I should spend some more time playing around with it...
didn't find much, but I'll look for a while longer
yeah, that's the opposite problem
Hmm
yar, no passphrase
otherwise I would've written it down
oooh
thanks!
heh, so far :p
I can see why you find this more interesting :p
origin logs?
ah
you could make a simple heroku app that echo's the headers it gets into the html body and then create a moovweb project for it
right
Right, so you need to have control of the upstream
yar, I'll make a quick one and give you the url....
I suppose that should work
Nope, I'll work on the server anyways
just in case I'm done quickly.
@AaronLeung http://headerecho.herokuapp.com/
yar
create a project that proxies that
yup yup, simple sinatra app
https://github.com/mdayaram/headerecho
@ZhigangChen2 I think the build is broken from your commit, could you take a look?
@all compiling is complaining about undefined tritium/proto.SlugInfo
does anyone know what that is?
Aaron, did the build work for you when you made the import fix?
i did
I pulled everything a minute ago
jenkins is also failing
with same error
k
@all guys, please don't ignore jenkins build failure emails....
If the build is broken, it halts everyone's progress
The fix you made in tritium should also fix jenkins, but did you not get the notification email?
ah, i see, it's still broken
Yeah, Z is fixing it
That's fine, please check the emails next time though!  They tell you if the commit that broke it was yours.  The whole point of the emails was so that I wouldn't have to hunt people down anymore.
excellent, just want to make sure no one is ignoring the emails...
it is, lemme look
oh, really? is apollo being deployed?
I think it is
ah, that's probably it
yeah, apollo was just deployed
just kick off a rebuild
nah...we've never tried to build during a deploy before I guess
it has to be perfectly timed really
hence why probably only one of the slaves failed at it.
windows, why you make things so hard
/me cries
if it's unix based, I'm happy
ha
did not know
guys...I hate working from home so much.
yar
if I feel good tomorrow morning
i'm thinking of coming in
har
yeah, no, let's not get to that point just yet
:p
@hcatlin is there any reason why we use password authentication for ssh-ing into peabody instead of public key?
the mac-mini is not under puppet
unfortunately
:p
ugh...there's no reason why this should've broken....why is it broken >.<
@all did anybody mess around with Peabody today?
the mac mini in the ops closet
it's also our mac jenkins node
which is offline
cause it can no longer connect via ssh
yar
I can't debug this issue from home
I don't have a way to connect to the peabody machine with sudo access
If you manually try to ssh, it all works fine.
sigh
where's everyone going?
sigh
heh
I guess we'll leave this for tomorrow then...
blargh, screw it, I'm calling it a day
yar
wel;l
well*
that problem should disappear once we swap out the git server
but that is slated for a while
so yeah, for now you should file a ticket for it.
@ZhigangChen2 looks like a great reservoir of questions
Yeah, they look like it.  I'll probably pick my brain on one or two of them some time this weekend.
Any recommendations on a particularly fun one to try?
ah
This is also a good site for puzzles, it's created by some of my old professors:
http://www.cs.cmu.edu/puzzle/index.html
They're mostly math puzzles, but quite fun
lol
so I have to solve all other puzzles first? crazy
that's pretty ridiculous.  though sounds like a lot of fun
man
I wish I was still in college, problems were always phrased in fun puzzle format :p
haha, that's true...not a very good test-taker myself
Hmm, all these puzzles remind me of the days of LateX
I had to write everything up in LaTex, ugh, can't even remember how it was capitalized
oh my, this one doesn't even have a problem statement
lol
I thought the message at the bottom was a clue as to how to fill in the blanks above >.>
Man, I'm rusty
@MichaelCatlin I'm going to get lunch, can you take the support issue from here?
I wasn't able to find anything meaningful unfortunately
yep, good luck!
ooooh
weirdo
Hmmm, i wonder if it has to do with that PR that Zhigang merged in from that random guy.
I see
yeah, I didn't make one
(on purpose)
[dun dun dun]
We didn't need it anymore
yar
@AaronLeung I wiped the workspace and kicked off a new build
it looks like it's going ok
lemme see....
Hmm, I'll try to take a look at it, might take me a while since I'm not familiar  with that code at all, and it looks like it might be a libxml issue?
Also, it looks like we have a few issues in gokogiri, @ZhigangChen2 can you go through them and categorize them as things we'll do and things we...won't do I guess? Closing the ones we wont' do.  We should create JIRA issues for the ones we will tackle.
@AaronLeung no
Different issue about parsing fragments
hipchat still autocompletes to @AaronLeung
maybe I have to refresh
@Aaron there we go
yep
I refreshed, it's @Aaron now
you'll have to ping him
in person
Looks like it was an issue introduced by a bad build of gokogiri.
I would try, deleting all the repos except the one you're trying to build and run the build script again.
you'd have to
go test ambrosia/transform --mixer="mixer-name" --test-data=/path/to/ambrosia/test
hmm
one sec
sorry, I got those backwards....
go test ambrosia/test --mixer=simple-mobile --test-data=/path/to/ambrosia/transform
yar...if you use relative path, i think it has to be relative against where the test is being run, not relative to your current dir
the namespace thing, or the import hing?
ah, cool
Hmmm, what is the effective change?
Hmm, in tritium, how could you exploit this?
I think as long as all our older tests pass (including the legacy mixer tests), I think we should be fine, though for completeness sake, we probably want to have a small write up on the change, the effects on tritium, and make sure that that makes it to the changelog of 4.3
the writeup could be as simple as "here's a test case, before it would do this, now it does that" kind of thing, just as long as people are aware that 4.3 does this differently.
locally is not possible yet because it has to fetch each previously released mixer.
But the basic idea is this:  put only the mixer you're testing in your .moovweb/mixers folder, then checkout ambrosia for the tag of that mixer, and run the tests like you would normally (using the latest test runner compiled against master tritium, this means you'll have two copies of ambrosia repo, one running the tests, and the other containing tests specific to a mixer).
did that make sense?
cool
@all signing off.  Gonna try to make it in tomorrow!  See you.
I sees
macys people, always having problems
mo money mo problems
they might have to update their brew version (maybe)?
oh
mac os X
Hmmm
I believe we've only tested in snow leopard and above
anything below that we have no idea if it works or not.
alternatives for what? what do you mean?
oooh
right, the X Code Command line tools
I think pre snow leopard, they'd have to install all of XCode
oh yeah, if they're using powerpc, all bets are off
Well, we just don't know if it would work or not, but is very likely that complications will arise.
ok, then it won't work :p
@MichaelCatlin manan seems to be not responding =/
wait wait wait
if she has snow leopard
she should be able to get xcode
how is she trying?
weeeeeird
Hmmm, i dunno, that's weird
she probably needs to download an earlier version of xcode
yeah
https://help.github.com/articles/error-permission-denied-publickey\n
woops
wrong link
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11198641/xcode-for-snow-leopard-where-to-get
there
that tells you how to download older versions of xcode
finally
wooooooooo
NOW TO GET LUNCH!
woo
uei said it worked for him
double win
cool
tested out?
you can run the same script to test it out locally
excellent, give me one second and I'll deploy it.
yar, np
@MichaelCatlin sorry, it looks like there's a lot of changes that have gotten into the deploy branch for the generator
I'm a little hesitant releasing all of them, as they look rather involved
no, other people have been committing to it
so
we can still release your fix
it's just gonna be slightly more complicated =/
no, that's ok
Hmmm, actually, I think I can do it.
have to isolate your fix in its own branch, and we'll release that one.
ok, I'll deploy just that commit.
@MichaelCatlin Can you do me a favor and test your fix again
by checking out the branch "js_add_assets_fix" instead of deploy
thanks
okie dokes, it's going out!
ok, the fix should be live in prod right now
could you generate a new project using the SDK and make sure it's working fine?
/me forgot to @MichaelCatlin for the above messages >.>
cool, thanks
Hmm, what do you mean by not reaching moovcloud?
weird, can you try again?
phew
ok
, that's good
still odd that it failed the first time though =/
Hmmm, I guess that would be either me or Z
sure
Hmmm
noice
yup, lemme see.
it sounds like they're doing it right.
me!
sure, no problem, just grab me
yeah, that was silly, oh well, at least now we know =)
k, cool
@MichaelCatlin project name can't start with a number
yep
hampton, sean, ajay, jaja, chris mague (unless we removed him from the list), I think that's it.
gitolite indeed
maybe juan has the power too
indeed
I'll bug le Hampton.
hampton is in a meeting ='(
We can make an ops ticket for it?
woot
lol, yeah, it's ok
I"m still completely mystified as to what's going on
did he reply? I didn't see any in my email
yeah....honestly though, I have no clue what could be going on with him...that case is rather puzzling.
@NaseemMakiya @MichaelCatlin sorry, meant to mention that in here
Yeah, we'll let you know
like myself
rerun moov login
um, well, it's really a choice of which key he wants to use, but if you want to keep the defaults, I would say use id_rasa
id_rda*
yar
yep
weird, what version of moov is he running?
if it's something older than 4.1, tell him to upgrade
?
I see
well
solution if you don't want to upgrade:
rm ~/.moovweb/keys/authorized_keys
then run moov login
k
cool
^.^
thankee!
@MichaelCatlin @NaseemMakiya we're having trouble rolling back apollo, will let you know when that's done.
but for now, you can consider it in a somewhat borked state, avoiding pushing to moovcloud is advised (though mostly just because the push will fail)
yeah
probably is
yep
yeah, have they been tested locally?
k, thanks
ok, just let me know when it's good to go and I can deploy it.
@NaseemMakiya @MichaelCatlin I changed the name of the template from "mtv" to "googletv" in the js_blah_blah_fix branch
yup, no problem. I told mat about the update, hopefully we'll get it out by tomorrow morning.
yo
sure
done!
@all manning the support room from the hackfest is rather difficult, the internet here is too crappy, can someone take a look at the support room and answer any questions that come up?
@TarunDesikan are you around?
laptop under my desk
I think it's the one at the top
what should I tell him?
k
@MichaelCatlin @NaseemMakiya I'm releasing the newest mixer version for the generator
simple-mobile 1.0.183
The previous version was 1.0.94
@MichaelCatlin @NaseemMakiya nevermind, reverted the chagne.
@MichaelCatlin it's not intentional, but a known issue.
@HariAnanth http://noj.cc/p/graph-animator
Hmm
weird
lemme try running it locally
@LV looks like it's slightly off, whenever I run it, it's always one number behind
which is weird...
oh
It's OK now
can you force a run in icinga now?
ugh
I'll look into it
yedgyz
yeah
don't advertise the reddit site yet!
I think we should wait for april fools >.>
Also, I don't know if my slow loading server can handle a lot of requests :p
Hmm
@Ishan I like your idea for April fools much more
I think if we're doing something for April fools, we should do just one thing and commit to it
Sooooooooooooooo, OK, @hcatlin feel free to tweet away :p
Why does Hari not want followers?
hahaha
I was thinking of changing it
but that would unlink all my other tweets
so my previous @ mentions would be broken
yeah
I tried it for a second
and it broke all of them.
so I quickly changed it back :p
People tweeting "@yedgyz blah blah blah"
that tweet would no longer be linked to me
because the "@yedgyz would lead to a broken page"
Hmmm
I should ask my twitter friends about it
Hmmm
if I change my name
I would probably just get yedgyz anyways
so I would end up with two
yedgyz is, afterall, my defacto username when all my normal stuff is taken
My roommate said that @ mentions definitely don't get updated
so, I think _noj is also available
ugh
If I'm going to change my name, I rather change it to something I'm happy with, I don't want to change it to _noj_ :p
ha
:p
I'm sure once I get super popular, people will remember yedgyz :p
simple way to remember:
Think of "edgy"
now add a y
and trail a z
done
yedgyz
so simple
:p
hahaha
haha
Hmm
well
heheheh
ahaha
Ishan knows where it's up
Hmm
well
I'm not against changing it
if there's a good alternative
is mdayaram taken?
It is....but hasn't tweeted in two years
I can probably ask my roommate to nab that for me.
ugh
but that's kind of boring.
Hmm
@hcatlin are you waiting for me to change my name before tweeting about this? :p
I think so too, unfortunately it's taken by someone who's way more active in twitter than me :p
ok ok, I'll do the double underscore :p
lol
guy who took "noj" is actually called "john"
alrighty, have a blast :p
/me needs to remember where in the web he has to update his handle now
lol
I feel like changing your online nickname on twitter is almost like changing your mailing address
gotta update it for your bank, your work, your gym membership, your doctor's office, etc... :p
@ZhigangChen2 I used to know of this really cool site where you would describe your start up and it would come up with a jazzy web 2.0 name for it, but I can't find it anymore =(
After all that talk, I still see no one tweeting @ my new username
sure there is
I do that all the time
what does your config.json look like?
also, thanks @SeanJ for tweeting at me :p
Looks like the hostnames are taken.
Also, I haven't tried using the hostvar in the middle
that's kind of weird
but theoretically should work
Lemme test it out
oh
then just don't use the dollar sign
then remove the extra "a"
if you leave the dollar sigh
I see
lol
I would do
actually, can you have a blank hostvar in a project?
(in apollo)?
is that what you tried to do?
Also, @hcatlin your tweet is wrong
I'm not proxying hacker news
I'm proxying reddit
:p
:p
also, @MichaelCatlin that is my new favorite
lol
so many corrections
oh wells
I retweeted it.
:p
haha
"sell your privacy" implies it was yours to sell, it's already mostly likely public :p
@hcatlin you around? I have a quick question
@Aaron http://www.fitabase.com/i/moovfit
@Aaron https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/perfect_bits.txt
ah
true that
cool
@LV http://mhlui4357.fitabase.com.moovapp.com/c/2218680c-db37-4226-8670-0b3370bdfea9/challenge
@SeanJ your phone rang
definitely
what is the best venue to announce this?
bringing it up in the discussion
@MatB me and Hari decided that we should have a celebratory shot on every "successful" apollo deploy
that's wrong
If he's getting a URL like that, it means he's doing something funky in tritium
I believe there's an asset mixin or something, ask @Aaron
funky man
g'night!
woots
Thanks @juan
cool
oooh
what does that mean?
ah, fun fun
yeah, that sounds like it will work a lot better
i hopes
no idear
Aaron would be a good person to talk to about it, or Dr. Z
Hmm
yeah, I saw the email
but it in the docs for now
but I think the ideal thing to do is to make sure that the bundled installer is installed using those options
can you make a JIRA issue about it?
put it under 4.3 for now, but it's possible that it'll get pushed to 4.4
nope
no builds triggered if you only push to tritium
If you want to run the tritium tests, you should kick off a build of manhattan
yup yup
np
can't
@hcatlin said it's fully booked
yup, oh wells
oh
i have strong opinions about that :p
well
at least my roommates and feminist friends do
(on how they don't like the feminist culture in engineering)
no worries
Yeah, it'll be nice to get that updated, it's been very unhelpful for a very long time :p
@MichaelCatlin let me know when you need it pushed
cool, I'll get started now
@MichaelCatlin all updated, try it out
cool
woot
188 was built against 4.2
Hmm, i'd have to take a look
most jobs should not be built with anything other than master
in fact, it's an error on our part that the mixer stuff is not backwards compatible
yeah
I made those today
tritium tester needs to be versioned with the SDk
since it needs to match the tritium engine that's deployed in productoin
but the mixers should be independent, hence having different jobs for them is contradictory to our contract
so we'll have to figure out exactly why it fails.
but for now, this is a stopgap
@SeanJ Please pre-release 4.2.192 whenever you get the chance.
yeah, it's good shit
@NaseemMakiya prerelease is out
@ZhigangChen2 real fix should be in.
looks good on your end?
hey
hold on
@hcatlin you around?
I have a ruby question
er
about the generator specifically
It's...slightly...too involved to google...
np
@SeanJ support room, someone's asking about carousels, I don't know anything about that, and Michael is out.
so is Naseem it seems
nvm
@ZhigangChen2  you around?
@all https://twitter.com/_noj_/status/310200849718718465
I sent an email yesterday
peabody is not setup yet.
uhhhhh
don't remember
what do you mean?
jenkins jobs running on master node should be fine
but anything that runs on mac is screwed
yar
someone please look at it before I merge in
it would make me feel that much better :p
DOING IT
Aaron gave me the OK
they have been merged!
@hari changes are in tritium and ambrosia, please go ahead and move your URL functions to ambrosia.
I recommend making an internal mixer that simple mobile depends on (kind of like uranium)
cool
yeah
my fun is called to_json_v1_
and the name is just "to_json_v1"
that seemed to be the convention from what I saw in all the other fuctions
functions*
(I'm guessing to differentiate from functions that will be used as native tritium functions and helper functions in the same package).
correct
@ZhigangChen2 test case is in the xml2json branch
feel free to play with it whenever
@ZhigangChen2 http://headerecho.herokuapp.com/stuff?hi=hi&amp;there=there
http://headerecho.herokuapp.com/stuff?hi=hi&there=there
I was gonna send an email
I'm on call for today since Z is OOO
cube chatter!
yup yup
you can assign to me
generator and login are mostly me now (if it's SDK related)
however, all error messages are funnelled through from apollo
ok, merging it in
@NaseemMakiya is live in prod, but you won't be able to use it until Apollo allows it.
for the names pace stuff, I need to prefix the dollar in $("stuf") if I'm in a different namespace, right?  like, tritium.$("stuf")
@Aaron
k
is anyone out there?
soooooooooo manies
if no one replies within an hour, I'm merging it myself :p
yay code reviews
ruby is good shit
golang is good shit on the compilez
haha
truth
I wouldn't use compiled languages too often for personal projects
cause it is an extra step to compile and deploy, and troubleshoot
but for anything that scales, it makes sense.
ooh
have you heard of Omar's little side project?
he wants to make a site dedicated to "About Moovweb"
rails project prolly
that basically advertises our culture
and has everyone's picture, maybe small snippet of themselves, etc...
we talked about this a while ago as a intranet page, but he wants to make a public facing one.
he's looking for devs :p
I said I would help out, but my time is pretty drained, so I'm not sure if I could keep up with his velocity.  And in general, more devs is good :p
prolly
and then just CNAME it.
hahaha
donezo
latest version?
cool!
hm
weird
lol
yeah, it's the auth token
if you delete it
and run moov login again
it
it'l be ok
weird
oh bugs, so lovely.
lemme look at the apollo code
actually
that code was recently changed
so I have no idea what's in prod right now.
is there any way to find out what version is in prod?
It's blank
Home shows nothing, apps shows nothing too =(
ah
I used my google apps
oooh, you stealing my datas?
:p
cool
omg
is this a generic deployment mechanism?
i hope you didn't give me access to deploy to staging
yes, what I meant to say is "did you write a generic deployment mechanism" :p
so mps can be deployed by this as well? and tritium tester?
and all our apps?
it took away everything
can't see anything anymore
however, I can still see the "New Application" button
are you using rolify? I believe that's what we use in apollo
neat
I see
oh well
still pretty cool
I'm excited to deploy all our stuff through there :p
I'm assuming Noopy will still be used for logs, graphs, and stats?
and Appy will just be deployment?
ah, cool
and you were looking for shit to code?  Looks like Appy needs your loves :p
anywho, probably should concentrate on the apollo deploy :p
that didn't sound scary at all
cool
yup, the file you're interested in is scripts/pages/product.ts
lemme see
yes
let me mark as validate
cool, thanks
I believe...
/var/run/mps.pid
looks good?
ah, ok, did it fail to run? or did it keep running even though it failed to write it's pid?
probably should hard fail in that scenario methinks.
that would explain the nooppy errors
Hmm
lame
well, I guess it's not super urgent now, but I'll add a ticket to make sure we hard fail on that
no?
Hmm
the way I saw it, if we failed to write the pid, it means we'll just have more failures in the future (fail to restart the proxy because pid was not found, etc...)
Hmm
Hmm, I can see it both ways, uptime is definitely important, but I'm also worried about not being able to kill it properly on certain scenarios
I guess as long as we have a mechanism to clobber it that doesn't depend on the pid, that would work, but then the point of the pid is somewhat moot
yeah, but kill -9 what pid? :p
lol
yeah, but the point that we introduced a pid file was so that you wouldn't have to do that :p
okie doke then, I'll leave it as is
heh, fair enough
yup
I think you did ask way back when :p
woot
now lemme try a curl
yup yup
Hmmm
curling doesn't seem to work
ah
cool, it's working
hmm
yeah
the default
is /var/run/mps.pid I think
oh wait
you want it to NOT write the pid if the option is not passed?
yeah, I think it probably just doesn't have perms to write in /var/run
neato
ah
Hmm
so you have to run mps in sudo, that's kind of lame
and you manually set the perms in /var/run/mps to the user?
Hmmm
I can't change the install scripts right now, or at least, I don't feel comfortable changing them at this stage
but I can change the default place the pid gets written to.
sounds good.
so I can make a new build of MPS where the default pid is /var/run/mps/server.pid
and then you guys can change the perms in puppet for /var/run/mps
sound reasonable?
Hmm, ok, but just FYI, that would be pretty simple on our end.
i see
mps uses flags instread of a conf file :p
Hmmm
is that script a puppet script?
the first one
I see
yeah
so would you change the stop script to use the pid file then?
yeah, we suddenly have to make sure all these scripts know this tidbit of info
we can make MPS read a conf instead of using flags, that wouldn't be too hard, would just go into 4.4
right
would you guys prefer a conf file?  I can make a ticket for it
oh, so you want to output a conf?
oh, I see
nevermind
I get it
well, the technical details on how MPS would read the conf file are whatever, but yeah, I can make a ticket for it to make sure we get that for 4.4
I'll add a note on the ticket to discuss with you about implementaion/format ideas :p
ah, truth.
it would require change to the packaging though, which is slightly trickier :p
lol, so what you're saying is that you don't want me to do anything then? :p
I believe they're already working on a config file for onpremise
I figured onpremise would just be MPS with a slugmanager that reads projects given a root directory, but apparently it's more complicated than that.
meh, if we really need it, I can pick it up and finish it off, but I still think it's catered to a rather small market, and it's also putting us at risk of having someone use it to host their own stuff.
true
yeah
those are our two options
you sure?  I was *about* to change the default just now, had vi open and everything
lol, ok, no worries, I'll leave it for now then.
looks like giediservers are working too, so I'm gonna close both of those tickets in JIRA
oh snapple
we don't have a maximum timeout limit for giedi requests
or rather
we started out with 100ms, and then double on every subsequent request
so we should cap out at 500ms?
what seems like a reasonable value?
I'm gonna set it at 600ms for now
lol
sounds like my initial timeout should be smaller
I see, so maybe 100 is fine
and then max it out at....800, if we ever get to that point, something is terribly wrong
yeah, no worries, makes sense
neat
lol
truth
alrighty, change is in, gonna let it build and try to deploy to MPS tomorrow
alrighty, I'm heading off, laters
@SeanJ I replied to the email.
There's reason behind that, please consult Sean about it.  Or if you want to get a second hand source, I can talk to you about it
@SeanJ let me know when you've bumped the stable release
k
@SeanJ Looks good to me on the linuxes
k
@SeanJ looks good
@SeanJ please let the appropriate parties know that the has is back in the header
@LV HTTP and HTTPS
lol, you must've
supposed to be a minute
but from experience
it feels more like 5 minutes
@all guys, we need to rewrite our entire platform in LOLCODE: http://lolcode.com/
their site might be down, so here's the wiki article: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LOLCODE
I WISH tritium's syntax looked like that
oh snap
yar
Excellent, I'll start documenting individual questions, please feel free to edit as you see fit
guys
let's just throw a bunch of the cheapest alcohols we can find in a punch bowl and call it the Platform Punch
yeah, looks fine
it's working, they're just concerned of whether it's a 301 or a 302
looks like we do a 302
Yeah, the result is a consequence that we can't stop the proxy from going upstream
@jefe means the tritium is taking too long to execute
@JajaB http://noj.cuteoverload.com.moovapp.com/
@JajaB maybe just restart nginx?
@SeanJ you working on the https solution?
eep
well, ping me if you need my help, I'll be around, but doing other stuff.
yeah, just @ my name whenever it's ready to test
how's it going?
cool
and this is in cl02 only, right?
testing
chrome in linux is fine
gonna test IE, need to boot up my win laptop...might take a bit.
should've done this earlier, blah
while windows boots, I'll test firefox in mac
really? that's pretty sad
we really should
a lot of people still use it
okie doke
guys
I may be a victim of software counterfeiting.
I know, it's always looking out for me.
honestly, IE needs to come up with private browser sessions...this is ridiculous
oh man, grammar typo fail
"Warning:  the webpage..." should be "Warning:  The webpage..."
sorry, testing on windows is inherently slow unfortunately....
guys, internet explorer froze when I tried to close a tab
I'm so sad right now
you're right, I was being silly, I'm just opening more tabs now anyways.
FYI
the screen that IE gives users about the broken cert
looks almost identical to their internal server error page
and it freaked me out
but then I noticed that the options in the bottom were different, and you can click through
but yeah, still pretty bad
another FYI, apollo does NOT look like shit on IE
I'm impressed
I was gonna look into that.  Last time I installed it I didn't get the SmartScreen warning
but it was also while installing on a laptop that I installed on several times already
easiest way to check is to take a fresh/new laptop and try to install there and see what happens
or a VM or whatever
anyways, IE is all clear
@SeanJ you use an iOS 6 simulator?
i sees i sees
true
cools
cool
chrome on mac looks good
although, i just realized that the text we have there doesn't make any sense
in english that is, technically it's fine :P
IE looks good
I'm gonna make a JIRA ticket about our grammar :p
alrighty, if that's that, I'm going to sleep
g'night guys
guys
I'm the only one in the platform area
I feel so special
hahaha
true that >.>
@jefe you shouldn't.  It's limited for a reason, whoever has the power to do that could potentially screw up the certs for that account
@MichaelCatlin yup, thanks!
@jefe that's fair, and if you think that the best way for the team to function is by giving them all manager access, that's fine, but the was just trying to explain why we chose the defaults that way.
yeah
@Aaron already warned me about that
I mentioned that I don't always sit on the ball in the same position
I move around and will stand up a lot
pretty good
some pretty interested people
hampton's talk only
oh wells
you could've gone
but you didn't :p
truth
you're welcome
(content)
@Aaron that just looks like a very cushiony chair, you lose the benefit from it being a ball :p
it's just a chair on wheels! :p
@jefe from my understanding, we're going to collapse those into just enterprise, so there should be no difference, @all correct me if I'm wrong.
Also, pull and checkout the prod_mscaffoldv2 branch and run tests to make sure it's fine.
In the comments preferably so that we have it on record.
thnx
@Aaron I'll watch it tonight and let you know how it goes.
alas, I must validate the release
noice
I get that you wheren't expecting that.
Aaron (not @ing you cause I don't want to wake you up).  Just finished the video, it was really cool.  I always had a vague idea on how watches work, but that was really nice, getting down to the nitty gritty.
Here it is more broken down:
Logging was broken yesterday, so we couldn't investigate.  I talked to LV, he said that the number is still low overall, so we decided to wait until today to investigate
so the second graph is showing all the customers who experienced more than 25 500 responses (per minute?) at any given point in the last 48 hours
so if it was a bad customer, we'd see it in the second graph
you do see casbahia and mens wearehouse spiking
but that was later in the day
more than 25, at some point in the last 48 hours, they spiked to more than 25 errors in a minute.
so
I'm thinking it was an infra error
if you look at this graph
we have a dip in requests around the same time
that means requests were not reaching MPS
I know there was some infra problems yesterday as well, so I'll talk to Miles and Juan about it
@MichaelCatlin it's fine.
@MichaelCatlin I don't get email notifications for some reason, can you send me an email with a link so I don't forget
it is already overlayed, the 500 errors are too small to see
(by comparison)
Hey @SeanJ
This works: curl http://mdemo.neutrogena.co.uk.moovapp.com/ -H "Cookie:  catchall_landing_visited_v2=true"
But
if you browse in the network tab in chrome
the domain of the catch_all cookie is unspecified
for some reason
maybe cached?
try creating a new profile and clearing all the things
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10631726/using-ldirectord-for-load-balancing-git-servers
I'll add the bit about upgrading the BB before apollo
cool, I'll test again.
annnnnoying?
hmm
I do...
hold on
(content)
@jefe correct
blargh...was supposed to work on that today, but got distracted
Hmm
not sure
hmm
gem list
?
Does golfsmith use sprites
this looks to be a sprites issue.
sup
@LV I'm here, what's up?
sure
manhattan
pushing to tritium won't kick off a new build though, so you'll want to build one manually
coo
coo
yup, they do
wootos
@all heading out for a bit, gotta go rent a mic for Hampton's talk today.  Should be back within half an hour.
yes, a mic :p
@all gotta return the mic, will be back in 30
back
@MichaelCatlin upgrading moovweb
yup yup
@hari http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_Security_Policy
it looks like we'd have to check X-Content-Security-Policy as well as Content-Security-Policy
haha
yeah, that seems kind of silly.
that's odd
hmm
I wonder how it became archived....
we've never archived a mixer before, nor did we ever have plans to archive any mixer
ideally we'd always host them...
yeah, must've been accidental?
I don't think there's an automated way to archive a mixer in apollo.
although
we should update the mixer in the generator as well
with the fix Hari put in
so anyone generating a new project
will not be impacted..
impacted with the github issue that is.
but that's a bigger deal, might need to go through QA
They introduced a new header to all their responses
Content-Security-Policy
which disables the execution of assets that are not from their whitelisted domains
oh
I'll audit the changes, Hari is working on a fix for the mixer though, we'll review after that fix is finished
lemme see
oh, this is the crazy one
yeah, I talked to Naseem about it already, suggested some questions to ask, let me catch up on the ticket info.
@SeanJ we're experiencing access denied issues in the build box when trying to purge edgecast.  I tried searching on their site for the validity of the auth token we're using, but I don't have enough permissions to view that section, can you take a look?
my.edgecast.com
go into HTTP Small Object
and then into Token Auth
@all making my way into the office now....@ my name in hipchat if you need me for anything
no, it can't
um, that's wrong too, it should be moovdns.net
i believe
also
that doesn't exist
I can't ping it
is this project live?
did they push to moovcloud?  They're project needs to be enterprise level for the cnames to be generated
right
true, so?
an automatic cname is not generated unless you're enterprise, but you can still point to a different cname, or an A record which will let you go live
looks like mqa2.macys.com => macys-sandbox.moovdns.net => cl01.moovdns.net => our IP
macys-sandbox.moovdns.net is not the auto-generated cname
it was probably created manually for them.
so they can use that same one if they want then
sure
tell them to run
ping macys-sandbox.moovdns.net
That will give them an IP address
though
is there a reason why that project is not enterprise?
I see
true
whatever it needs to be I suppose.
yup yup
@hari that's standard behavior for proxies
proxies handle so many requests, it would be unreasonable to keep requests alive
you'd run out of tcp connections almost immediately
and you would have to start closing them in order to take in more requests
so we just close them immediately.
the Connection: close header is to tell the server that we're talking to that we're going to close the connection
if we kept it as keep alive, we would close the connection ourselves, and the server would be like "wtf? I thought we were still talking", so we're just passing the message :p
yes, that is weird...what does it use?
(truestory)
it's 0.0.3
not 33
yup
@SeanJ Here's the route:
You need to put your authorization_token at the end of it
@SeanJ http://thefuckingweather.com/
@Aaron who should initially be allowed to create http-transformer type mixers?
lol
It gave me the weather for NY when I first went to it, you might have to input the right city :p
just realized aaron is not here
sooooooooooo
I'm going to make an executive decision
and say that we'll use the developer role for his feature for now
and we can change it later.
@hari the default is enterprise+, but for Aaron's feature I think we wanted to restrict it even further
enterprise can use the request_main.ts and response_main.ts files, that's true
well, that's fairly true
but for now, we might as well just make it slightly more restrictive.
also
creating a mixer is not associated to a project
so it's at a per user basis.
no worries, the logic is super simple
I'll make a PR for apollo for it.
yep, working on it
yar
@Aaron that is correct, but @hari 's argument is that regardless of what the customer wants to do, someone could completely change the behavior of request_ts entirely as if he had powers to create a mixer
the different here is that the creating a mixer spreads that change to anyone that uses that mixer
where as the request_main.ts import is stuck on the project
you fuck up your project, that's your fault
you fuck up other people's projects, that's on us
hence why creating a mixer with http-transforms is tied up to just us for now.
that's weird
@Aaron could you investigate?  I know that the original add_class was overriden in simple-mobile
or whoever has time really
@Aaron the feature name for the http-transform check is "http-transform"
When you call the method in the Apollo Session object, make sure you use that, the project and account names are irrelevant.
for now it will return false
but I Have a PR in apollo which will check if the user is a moovweb dev
and return the correct thing
I believe the project needs to be enterprise
yes, probably, I think.
someone at ops might know better
@hari @Aaron when you fix the add_class issue, please add a test for it
I dropped it because Hampton said that he didn't want the SDK to even have that ability
instead, he wanted comprehensive SDK tests for each SDK version in apollo
where the tests check apollo routes the way the SDK would
I think that's a better solution
let's defer that issue for 4.5 so we can discuss it.
I pushed the ticket.
@Aaron take note on which commit you're on
ahha, nice hari :p
ok
ok, so you want me to pull ambrosia and all the things
and try to build simple-mobile?
and simple-http-transformers
also
by the way
nvm
I'm silly
@Aaron mixer building was so fast I almost thought I had an error
ok
trying out jdparts
@Aaron runtime error: index out of range\nFUNCTION_CALL normalize\n\n\nTritium Stack\n=========\n\nlib/simple_mobile.ts:174:	normalize\nlib/simple_mobile.ts:174:	set\nlib/simple_mobile.ts:169:	value\nlib/simple_mobile.ts:168:	attribute\nscripts/sections/header.ts:73:	add_class\nlib/node.ts:24:	yield\nlib/node.ts:23:	select\nscripts/sections/header.ts:71:	$\nlib/node.ts:24:	yield\nlib/node.ts:23:	select\nscripts/sections/header.ts:70:	$\nlib/node.ts:24:	yield\nlib/node.ts:23:	select\nscripts/sections/header.ts:1:	$\nscripts/mappings.ts:57:	@import scripts/sections/header.ts\nscripts/mappings.ts:55:	else\nscripts/mappings.ts:48:	match\nscripts/mappings.ts:46:	else\nscripts/mappings.ts:33:	match\nscripts/mappings.ts:15:	with\nscripts/mappings.ts:9:	match\nscripts/html.ts:29:	@import scripts/mappings.ts\nlib/node.ts:24:	yield\nlib/node.ts:23:	select\nscripts/html.ts:3:	$\nscripts/main.ts:22:	@import scripts/html.ts\nlib/libxml.ts:672:	yield\nlib/libxml.ts:650:	yield\nlib/libxml.ts:649:	html_doc\nlib/libxml.ts:671:	html\nscripts/main.ts:20:	html\nscripts/main.ts:4:	with\nscripts/main.ts:3:	match\n
FYI side notw
note*
I just had to write a go routine function that refuses to die
it took me a bit to think about how I would do it
and I thought it was neat
so I'm sharing
func daemon() {\n\n	work := func() {\n		for {\n			do_work()\n		}\n	}\n	\n	go func() {\n		defer func() { daemon() }()\n		work()\n	}\n}
nice
yeah, I'll be there tomorrow
no worries
@hari @Aaron having a meeting at 10:30 in dog patch explaining the perf stuff, you're welcome to come
noj means something completely different in the ops world
just fyi :p
Nope
But will be soon
@SeanJ he doesn't have access to this room I don't think
um
I have that email somewhere
Entrepreneurial\nnot afraid to fail, curious, zestful, optimistic, “transform yourself, transform your company transform yourself”\nResilience\nprofessional, self-awareness (esp around emotional patterns and communication), grit, takes ownership, strength/stamina, steadiness\nCustomer–centric\ninternal as well as external customers\nTeam spirit\nrespectful, trusting, selfless, able to listen, focused on team performance
how do we nominate again?
found the thingy, says to email direct manager of the nominee, tony, ajay, and deb
apollo is part of platform
no biggie
:p
@JajaB that's been in place for a while
or rather
it should be in 4.4 at least
yeah
actually, it's out for 4.3
lol
just too many other things going on :p
Turn them into managers? :p
ouch
that's it, never turning 30
I will add it to my list
heh
what's up?
You're using omni-mobile instead of simple-mobile :p
I gots your back, bro ;)
^.^
(content)
nice
haha
our counter platform monit project goes to google.com :p
we give all search engines a chance
ah
we can't proxy onto a path
oh
yeah
but you can't change the status code
in main.ts
erase everything
and call
set("OK")
Hmmm, weird...
it says the content length is 26
if you hit the proxy directly, nope, it'll gzip everything
nginx respects it though
so our infra respects it, but not mps by itself
the body is probably gzipped, but it should say OK
try pushing your project to the cloud
and curling the result htere
there*
yeah, just create something in apollo and do a force push onto it.
yeah, you have to use omni mobile in moov cloud
did you add the Mixer.lock file?
Hmm
It says it was missing the file...
oh, ok
lol
nice
um
yes
I will say yes
I'm screwing with it
sorry
doing perf tests on it
nojing it hard
Hmmm, that's not cl02
that looks like cl01?
wait
I like
lied*
wait
when did the IP change?
fuck
I've been sieging the wrong ip
ok, phew
yeah
cl02 is pretty messed up right now, it's basically my test bed
cd ../../
grr
this is not my terminal
@all I'm sitting at the receptionist desk today
LOL
that does look like them
Ajay swore by them.
@JajaB that is legit investigative work
I wish we could toast moscato to that find
(content)
that entire company is just one giant troll
(troll)
oh, cool
that was fast
how did you fix it?
heh
cool, thanks Aaron!
ooh, so we're deploying multiple mixers?
were these tested against 4.4.77?
@SeanJ ?
okie dokie
k
also
@SeanJ usually we only update the base recipe (which would also update the mobile and advanced recipes).  Do we want to update the scaffold and moovweb recipes as well?
ok
So the following recipes will not receive the updated mixer:
moovweb, jqm, googletv, mobile-scaffold, tablet
@SeanJ all done
existing wouldn't change, this is a generator update, not build-related
I just generated a project, it got the new mixers
the error message for bad SDK versions is weird though
I think it should be more specific, like
"The mixer versions you're using require and SDK of version 4.4 or greater.  Please update at { link }"
the current error message is super confusing.
hold on, lemme check with 4.4 to make sure normal func works
i dunno
It was prereleased
yeah, I know that
weird
oh
mat can pretend to be you?
fancy
Are the mixers released?
lemme try to download 44.77
@SeanJ ok, seems to be working
@all play.tritium.io looks wicked awesome!
The tabbing is still broken =(
also, not being able to view the transformed source is le sad
=(
thanks
@SeanJ http://www.google.com/appsstatus#hl=en&v=status&ts=1370972143529
sadness
(lemon)-///-o
/me is a persistent fellow.
thankee
Not in tritium, but in gokogiri
it appears that way.
why, is there history behind it?
summary?
hmm
@TarunDesikan Yeah, namespace support in tritium probably requires a lot more work and testing.  The only thing the PR I merged in did was add a function to add a namespace to a node through gokogiri library, but we're not exposing that in tritium and probably won't given the complications.
Push off?
well
you can have all three
you can have simple-http-transformers, jsonlib, and simple-mobile
in fact, I would recommend that setup
over just simple-http and simple-mobile
Hmm
well
I think
you're right
well
if the generated recipe includes simple-mobile in it
then I think we're fine
as long as the recipes contain the mixers that they need to work out of the box
it's ok
if you delete mixers from the Mixer.lock file after generating it, then obviously things won't work.
Because the recipes should be built with the minimum mixers required to work.
right
same thing with Gemfiles
mixers are libraries
you want something new, you add mixers, usually you don't remove
@MatB that would be mostly @hari methinks
Sorry, I'm out of the office at the moment, is everything resolved?
@MichaelCatlin yeah, just grab me whenever
@hcatlin @MatB @JajaB you don't want to look at *just* the host_registration, but also the hostmap_registration
they both take super long the more host_map rules you have
Our two biggest bottlenecks on builds right now are projects that use compass and have complicated sass, and host map registration
wierd
I know pontofrio took like several minutes
are thsese stats from just this week, or since forever
that makes sense, since no huge host projects have been pushed recently
I see
well
from the logs
it looks like it was slow due to compass
I think
from what I saw
You didn't make that
your mom did
LIAR
no access
readme fails
No worries =D
Although, I forgot to mention, that the above doesn't work in all cases (like if you have your host variable in the middle of your hostname, like hi.$.nytimes.com)
There's no 100% reliable way to find out your host variable unfortunately.
None that I can think of, but I also wasn't part of the conversations about it when the decision was made.  I can make a JIRA issue about it and discuss it with Sean and Hampton to find out whether it's a good idea or not.
yup yup (content)
yep, should be 4.5
Needs 4.5 + new mixers
Yup
I actually was reading that very article
@SeanJ if we're making new jira issues for bugs/etc... but are not sure what sprint/release they should go to, what should we label them as?
er, what fix version should we put in them?
and if it's a feature?
ok, so...err on overscheduling then
so aaron should've given you access, let us know if it works
nope
I hate fun
(dumb)
@hcatlin did you get my email about the assumptions?
@hcatlin
@hcatlin
@hcatlin
@hcatlin
@hcatlin did you get my email about the assumptions, I await your acknowledgement.
omg! when did that become a emoticon!
(ceilingcat) ftw!
Hmmm, I'd have to look into it to really tell you why
but it's true that the url scheme we use should automatically cache bust
That can be one of the things we look into when trying to speed up our build process
but for now, that's still a very quick step compared to other things
hmm
<br/>
thanks
We don't have a mechanism to do that as of yet
or rather
I'm not sure if mixers can access response_main.ts
I do think that having a standard mixer being capable of accessing that part would be super useful at times
and would decrease code duplication a lot (instead of making a ton of core-rewriter mixer duplicates to add a simple feature, new normal lib mixers could just use request_main.ts or something.
Yeah, you wouldn't be able to do that unless you wrote a core rewriter
(today that is)
you could upload it anywhere really.
yeah, we totally talked about that
JIRA issue or it ain't happening ;)
feel free to use all caps in JIRA
weeeeee
did you assign it to a fix version?
no fix version, then it won't get done ;)
lame sauce
i got it too
I just made two of those :p
@SeanJ you around?
Amit and Greg need to get JIRA and hipchat accounts
they also got their build working, what bugs did you want them to work on?
Did you have a set, or do you want me to just pick something random off the 4.6 queue?
@AmitJoshi @GregoryPinto feel free to ask any questions about anything in here
@AmitJoshi I'm looking for your bug right now, I'll let you know about it in a bit.
@SeanJ weighed
@GregoryPinto Go into ~/.gvm/scripts/gvm-check
in there, change the binutils check to check for the "gar" binary instead of the "ar" binary
and then see if it works
i have helped!
(content)
4.4
um, lemme check which one exactly
yep, BB is 4.4.77
Everything under assets folder gets pushed to the cloud
but
scss files get compiled and moved into the .css directory
where ass a css file in stylesheets will most likely remain there
so you'd have to adjust the import path to account for that
(I think, @Aaron is this right?)
@hcatlin I had a dream on Sunday night where we both died.
granted, it wasn't by eggs, but rather, by the hands of a giant robot.
@Aaron sounds pretty normal to me :p
brown spots on muffins are the best
oh man, that would've been epic
but nope, pretty generic 50 foot tall robot
we were at the roof of a building
and I was there
and I got everyone to run away
and the robot was climbing the building like king kong
and then hampton showed up somehow
and then we both kinda just sat there waiting for the robot to get to the top
and when it did, the whole building collapsed
it was cray cray
I like the muffin dream better
I didn't hurt you, it was the robot!
@SeanJ http://turntable.fm/51dddba7eb35c1575c1d39b0
puppet?
503 could mean lots of things.  Are you getting a page returned?  Does the page say anything?
@MichaelCatlin it's up for me =/
could've been a service disruption
ah
ok
cool
@SeanJ it's not upgraded yet
: p
cool
Mixer.lock updates are done in 4.6 thanks to @AmitJoshi ^.^
sure
it would've automatically started
If you pushed to ambrosia
not only that
it's building ALL the mixers :p
woop woop
from core-rewriter to what?
I prefer irn-bru
I'll go ahead and make the change
I think everyone will be ecstatic about it
we can throw it in the keynote too
"You've heard of simple-mobile, and simple-http-transformers, but have you ever wondered...what happened to irn-bru? Well no more!  Behold, your very own new and shiny irn-bru-t.engine!"
@hcatlin nope
@hcatlin building is automatic, deploying is manual, once it's done I have to deploy it to apollo for you to see it.
@hcatlin it's done building, deploying now
You should see it in a minute
nevermind, deploy failed :p
investigating
oh, that's weird
building failed of the cache mixer
set_json needs to be called in a Text scope
you're calling it in an XMLNode scope, it should be called outside the html(){..} function
cool.
@AmitJoshi https://github.com/tdesikan/vim-tritium
@MichaelCatlin try again
I was messing with it.
manoj is going rogue...somebody stop him.
(facehoof)
(pinkamina)
(drevil)
all those are good :p
ha
of course: (chompy)
applies to so many thigns
yeah, sorry about that
@hari that's weird....
will check on it
@hari appears to have been a one-off
@SeanJ that is freaky.
My hero in life: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyARHscb8mU
@G3 malt M&Ms up in herr
@all
?
did someone order a keyboard
someone told me they were getting one but I forgot who
it's here :p
I worked on it
It's very likely something I did caused the regression
I didn't add any body tags myself, but most of the fragment stuff did have code to wrap stuff in body tags
it's possible it wasn't called before but it is now.
I guess not
@SeanJ I have an..interesting issue.
you around?
@SeanJ please ping me whenever you're free, I need to talk about the html_fragment regression bug.
so
I can revert change i made and that brings us back to how things behaved in 4.4
however, that breaks jsonlib if you try to use jsonlib inside an html_fragment
the only people that I've told about that being fixed was Sasha from Fuzz
but it was something that they requested, so I'm not sure if they're using it or not
I tried to fix the jsonlib mixer to work even with the html_fragment thing undone, but I couldn't do it.
so
the fix is in gokogiri
it's possible, but that would require some code dup on the gokogiri and engine side
but
the scope of this bug is still really small
sorry, what I meant was
the fix which I did which caused the regression was for a bug we experienced while trying to parse html_fragment and selecting the root node there
undoing my fix in order to fix the regression is what we should do, no doubt about it.
but that will break using jsonlib in html_fragment because jsonlib needs to select the root node
I'm saying that the jsonlib breakage is OK
and I would rather not add a mixer fix in order to make jsonlib work in html_fragment
if we can avoid it
it's a regression that lasted like a week.
*a regression of a feature that was only out a week
and only announced to a single group of people
right
and I could change the code
because the mixer is still experimental, so breakages are expected (this is my justification).  At the end of the day, these problems will also be fixed once we have native json support.
also, gokogiri is open source
I would rather not pollute it with random branches of code which are known to be buggy
fair enough
well
for the longest time
they were using it without html_fragment support
no
it would only break if they're using html_fragment
which is unlikely
considering they've only had a week to play with it.
and they had basically already finished their entire app without it
Yes, I agree, we should check with them.
ok, so I guess I'll ping Jeff and sasha about it.
@SeanJ Does this sound OK?
Hey guys,\n\nI just wanted to check on whether you've gotten a chance to test out the latest jsonlib mixer with the html_fragment function.  We tried to fix the crash you guys were seeing when trying to do that, but it seems that we may have introduced some other problems by doing so.\n\nAnyways, I just wanted to get an idea of how prevalent you guys have used html_fragment with jsonlib so far so that we can more accurately decide what to do next on our end.\n\nThanks,\n\nManoj
Hmm, ok, what are the git uris?
k
belkapi-prod doesn't use it
neither does fairmont
you said Honie worked on it?  lemme ping him
is this for the app or the website?
hmm, honie is away
Pavan said he doesn't know, I'll ask Honie when he gets back
Yup, gnc doesn't use jsonlib
so
they wanted to use jsonlib on html fragments
but that caused the mixer to crash
engine crash*
I found out that it was because of the way we parse html fragments and how we fail to set the root node in them
but in the interim, they just found a workaround
I don't know what you mean by submission
oh
no
this is not that
that issue was a concern about speed
that was different
speed improvements to jsonlib were independent from the fragment thing
Yep
Yes, definitely, but I think the right way to do it would be to wait for the native json support, which should be coming in by 4.7, right?
and since a workaround exist (just using html instead of html_fragment), I'm not too worried about it.
k
so
the other thing that I want to do
is make sure that the project that caught this break still works after the undoing of the fix.
Because I was told that they changed their code in order to fix the issue they were having
I want to make sure that whatever changes they made, it still works after I undo the fix.
ok
So I'll test that stuff out locally, and if we're all good, I'll commit/push the changes to 4.5 and deploy the version that comes out of that, and we can go through the movements of releasing that to all the clusters tomorrow.
Sound good?
Yeah, will do.
moov compile succeeded with exit status zero.  That's as far as I know
This wouldn't be the asset server
this is moov compile
different entry point
moov compile needs to be stricter than the asset server
hmm
lemme take a quick look at it to see if we're tossing away any errors
I see
yeah
if we get an error
we're just logging it
but we don't error out the build
but
I think we did that on purpose because warnings showed up as errors as well?
yeah, in moov compile
yeah
That part of the code hasn't changed since June of 2012
We've always behaved that way
well, I think the reason was because back in the day we had a bunch of errors from bourbon, but they were all techinically warnings
but I can't be sure
Hmm, maybe it was compass
Regardless, I feel weary exiting non-zero now since it's been a longstanding behavior
@SeanJ I don't think we should release the moov compile fix for 4.5
yes :p
Hmm, what happened to @SeanJ ? did he run to a meeting?
ok, well, when he gets back, tell him that doing the moov compile fail is a bad idea to do as a hotfix.
because of the reasons we talked about above
I don't mind changing the behavior to fail the build going forward, but not for a hotfix...let's do it for 4.7
we need to test to make sure we don't fail builds that currently pass with compass warnings and the like
cool
build box uses 4.5.72
what's the problem, that you're seeing the errors locally but not when you push?
@superkev are you using 4.5.72?
you need to use 4.5.72 and the latest core-rewriter mixers
I think
tritium tester I think has the list of the latest
yeah
use the ones Michael linked
they all support that
but you shouldn't have to use request_main.ts to use static paths
Yeah
70 has a bug
you have to update to 72
@G3 added more comments, take a look
>.> It's not on apollo yet, but BB side of it is done.
Actually, I lied
I haven't made the changes to use build_id instead of version
so technically it's not done.
file a ticket!
so
It might be live for 4.6, since this is a BB related thing and I can dev it in the middle of 4.6 QA and release it
BUT
there is a caveat
You'll only be able to roll back to a build that was pushed after I make the changes
@cneale we can talk more about this in 4.7 if you have that assigned to you.
yeah, well, technically it's done, just done using versions instead of build_id :p
It shouldn't take too long, just overloaded for the rest of this week
Yeah, it shouldn't take me more than a few hours once I decide to tackle it.
I would say
Before you get started
come talk to me
and we'll talk about how it'll work
and you can go ahead with it
even if it's not implemented yet
and I'll make sure to get it in before the apollo deploy
yeah, that's what I'm hoping for, same script, different params
k, one sec
by new, you mean 4 or so months old, then yea :p
yup, github isssues
I like blamemat
we can get Colin to design a blamemat icon
I think in groupon they had a video of one of their coworkers screwing something up, and their "manager" kicking their ass for it
whenever their site was down
I thought that was funny
they probably don't do that anymore though
@MichaelCatlin best idea ever
ah, yeah
I just got stuff from everyone, haven't compiled it to a coherent log yet
lemme do that now
k
send email
sent*
we don't unless you use the flag --ssl-verify=false
but in production, we'll always verify
so the local flag is just to aid in development
@all
do we care about "moov mixer upgrade" ?
Is this still a useful feature?
I was thinking of removing it all together
considering that as of right now, it only deals with single mixers in your lock file
well
I could remove it from the command list
but keep the code there
Hmmm, lemme talk to Sean or hcat about it :p
@Aaron Aqua Forest Aquarium: http://www.adana-usa.com/
k
@SeanJ looks good
@hari http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4250062/what-is-the-difference-between-and-a-and-z-in-regex
heh
woops, wrong window
@aj http://www.gnu.org/software/automake/manual/html_node/Subdirectories.html
they have the ignore_environment flag set in test.json
so the test framework ignores the environment diffs
=/
@aj autocmd Filetype c setlocal ts=2 sw=2 expandtab
done deal
hallo
oh dear god
they're both possible
we haven't changed anything in that process because we never really found out what the root cause was.
show me
@Aaron two files
giediservers
and
slugservers
hmmmmmmm
so the error message is rather specific
which means that the parameters are pretty accurate
and that it's not a general error from bad input
are you use that the user that has access is ryounes?
it's possible he has two users in his computer
and when he does a git push, it automatically uses the ssh key for the user that doesn't have access
@SeanJ http://apollo-vc01/nosaka/git_access_check?user=#{@@user}&account=#{@@account    ↪}&project=#{@@project}&access=#{@@req_access}
From @MatB : http://interrobeng.com/2013/08/25/speed-up-git-5x-to-50x/
hey @all, still feeling pretty icky, but figured I'd come online in case anyone needed me for questions or what have you.
there are ways
yes
I can make that happen if you like
so
this is how I imagine it happening
you have a project
you compile your trimmed slug
and you add it to the git repo of your project
and then you push
in the build box
I'll add a little exception
if project is X and pusher is Aaron and a special file called "trimmed.slug" exists, use that slug instead of the compiled one.
snacky?
yeah, well, it's for testing, so it doesn't have to be robust :p
the other option
wich is easier
is if you send me the trimmed slug
I can just scp it over to the slug server :p
or rather
if you send jaja the trimmed slug
he can do that
he'll scp it over to the appropriate project
and sync it across all slug servers
and viola
much simpler
yes, generate your own test project and do that :p
yes
just duplicate an existing project onto your console account
it'll be something like
maaron2342424.blah.moovapp.com
yep
this is very reminiscent of mean girls
yeah, well, too much fame too soon
just look at miley cyrus
same deal
oh my
she is….well, I guess she's the most popular she's ever been
but also terrible in oh so many ways
hmm, not that I know of
@aj have you discussed with Sean about what to do about captain proto?
ok…so it sounds like we wont' have much to say about captain proto for tomorrow's meeting
@SeanJ it doesn't seem like we have much info on captain proto for tomorrow, I don't think we'll be able to present anything.
Anyways, @aj just let him know of our position, obviously stuff came up and we couldn't really work on it.
I'm getting somewhat tired again, so I'll be signing off.
thanks
g'night
noice
gcc --version gives you the right thing?
lamesauce
ugh
need to install gcc 4.7 on my box as well....
or clang3.2
default versions are 4.6 and 3.0
mua
all
no way to target specific domains unfortunately
yep yep
@hcatlin we had originally planned to upgrade our version of go from 1.0.3 to 1.1.2 for the 4.7 release
given that we wanted to make that the super stable bugfree version, I'm starting to feel like we should delay the update to 5.0
mostly the general benefits of better gc, better performance, better api
nothing is really groundbreaking though
performance was negligeable (when comparing 1.0.3 with 1.1 that is)
yeah, that's what I thought too
okie dokie
I can haz some?
wow
require "bay-leaves"
validates_presence_of :bay_leaves
(freddie)
@SeanJ http://golang.org/doc/faq#Concurrency
dun dun dun
yeah
Hmm
I'm not 100% sure yet what is happening
I tried messing aroudn with it and couldn't get it to work =(
@all heading out in 15 minutes, lemme know if you need anything from me.
fixVersion = Feature Request Pile
@aj http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7701339/parse-html-with-xmllibxml-while-not-touching-entities
Hmmm
we could setup some kind of automatic mixer discovery, building, and testing framework....but that would be wonky....I would rather make it explicit that we're creating a new mixer and have people actually create a jenkins job for it, whether it's publicly released or not.
@hcatlin would you be opposed to making an engine change that enforces going to SSL upstream if the request originally came via SSL?
right now we enforce this but it's dependent of the core-rewriter.
aka, the request.ts script
I'd like to make it a permanent engine thing that cannot be changed via tritium.
k, doing it.
cool, thnx Sean
@aj http://www.microsoft.com/mac/remote-desktop-client
@m You should download and install this:  http://www.microsoft.com/mac/remote-desktop-client
@SeanJ or @hcatlin can one of you look over my PR for gokogiri?  I'd just like another set of eyes on it.  It should be a harmless change, but, you know, code reviews, they're a good thing.
shows up fine for me
windows is taking its time
ew
@SeanJ that happens every now and then when we try to rebuild the gem or debian index because we have so many records....just rerunning the job should be fine.
uhhh
I think it should work either way
https and non https
hmmmmm
weeeeird
Hmmm, that would be an OPS request, probably an noopy API call
yep yep
@MichaelCatlin is hampton ooto today?
=(
no way to contact him, eh?
oh snapple
wel
wll
well
I sent an email
so hopefully it's ok.
@all today is a beautiful day, and since the work I'd like to get done today does not necessarily involve a computer, I'll be working outside, prolly by the water
If anyone needs me, please ping me in hipchat
I should get a notification on my phone
also
if anyone wants to join me, but needs wifi, I'm willing to change my outdoor working location
if you know of a cafe or something with wifi
fyi, I'm back
had to pee
:p
I have a meeting at 1
@SeanJ what demos are we showing?
Is that it?
@aj found something neat
If you want to import a package but don't want to use any of the methods in it
you can use an underscore on the import
_ "encoding/image/gif"
then you don't have to add a noop instruction
Indeedy
yar
@superkev yes
it makes a request to the asset server
it's actually going to be 4.8 :p
@all John McAffee, most interesting man in the world: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKgf5PaBzyg
BB is in noopy
I believe
sorry
no
nevermind
it's in appy now
Your speed was: 75wpm.\n\nYou made 1 mistake
I aggree with Greg
I slowed down a lot because of mistakes I made
that I backspaced to fix
but I usually catch those as I'm typing them if I'm looking at what I'm typing
where as in here I only noticed them every other word or so
Hmm
ask the Jaja for them, but I can deploy now if you want
yeah, it's worked fine before
deploying
updating puppet success
updating gem...
succees
s
k
did we test out whether the block worked?
okie doke
btw
@JajaB your deploy system is the bestests <3
heh
Hm
yeah
so
the bugfix was
that if there was an error in the gosass.Compile(...) routine
we never returned a non-nil error
we just logged it
and returned nil for error
so later we started returning a legit error if there was a problem compiling sass.
which failed the asset server, but it should be fine.
eh
@hari would know that better
the error you're describing (no generation of anything) doesn't seem like it would be affected by the fix me and Hari talked about
Hmm
there's no mw recipe
no
moovweb recipe
those are Naseem's, I usually let him know that we're bumping stuff and ask him to do a PR for it himself
googletv, foundation, etc..
scaffold...
jeff patzer does PRs
make changes in master
when its ready merge to deploy
and then update nosaka_build_scripts submodule
moovweb-operations repo
moovweb-operations/nosaka_build_scripts
submodules have no concept of a branch
it's just a hash
when you go into the submodule and you do a git pull origin deploy
you're basically just telling it to update the hash from whatever hash it has to the current hash for the remote deploy branch
eh
I was hoping we'd get rid of that
before updating the instructions, let's see where we land after the generator rework
there's an update.sh script in there
that does that for you
I can add that to the instructions
nope, should take like a minute
should be deployed
or rather
should be live
now
yep, that is the longest step
we
well*
I guess git clone might be the longest step
base
@SeanJ asset server fixes and daemonize flag was readded
you mean, EVERYONE
(lunagasp)
(truestory)
@SeanJ "force_push_on_sass_errors": true
@amit http://play.golang.org/p/gYTWS8aco1
@aj http://play.golang.org/p/gYTWS8aco1
@all Go 1.2 update: The crypto/tls package adds support for TLS 1.1, 1.2 and AES-GCM.
We still don't support SSLv3, but at least now we'll support TLS 1.0+
yes :p
@G3 after looking at the PR for absolutize and rewrite links I started wondering why these are separated into two functions to begin with
yeah
I guess
well
I was trying to think
as to why you'd ever want to absolutize URLs to begin with
what benefit that gives you.
I couldn't quite think of any, and neither could Sean
Well
if the path is relative, and we absolutize it, then we're proxying them anyways because we're absolutizing to the rewritten domain, right?
is that right, I'm not 100% sure
Hmm? when would the absolutize path not go through the proxy?
source_host is the proxy domain
yeah
If the base tag includes a different domain
yeah
Hmm
OK
not necessarily
The base tag could be a path as well
I believe
(without a domain)
which means the domain is still the same domain
but the path is altered
so relative link paths
get the base path prepended
Hmmm
Lemme talk to some people in CS to see what their conception of the function is
I'll get back to you with some more input.
kk
yeah
so looks like I was wrong
seems like source_Host is the origin site
and absolutize urls only adds that to images and scripts
which are things we don't want to proxy
yeah
OK
This makes more sense now.
Hmmm
So
It might be easier
Hmm
wait
ugh
ok
so
we have a meeting in 10
let's discuss that afterwards
I'm gonna grab a coffee before the meeting
canary tests run the mixers specific in the specific test
each test specifies which mixers to run against
it tests against all the mixers that have been released in apollo
if you don't have one in your .moovweb folder it downloads them
there's no default
the test will say that it needs mixer X version Y
and if you have it, it'll use it, if you don't, it'll download it
and then use it
running powermoov test inside canary-tests should be a decent marker for checking if there were regressions or not
how many tests did it run?  Should be close to a 1000
cool, and if everything passed, I think you should be pretty solid
@G3 are you around?
@G3 take a look at the Technical Services room, we discussed absolutize pretty thoroughly
Some key take-aways
people tend to edit absolutize_srcs a lot
it's very volatile, and prone to breaking things on occassion
hence why it might not be the best candidate to move to a mixer
however
rewrite_links seems to be pretty solid
and rarely requires patching
so that would be good to move to the mixer
however
it seems a more useful feature would be to have a function, kind of like rewrite_link, but for absolutize
in other words, to unrewrite it
or unrewrite and absolutize if you will
well
how it does it I'm not sure yet
but if it contains the host, it would unrewrite the host
and if it doesn't contain the host, it would add the origin host
(essentially what absolutize does)
I think, given how volatile some of these things are, what we want to put in our mixer would be the very simple straight forward unrewrite function (not set on the name yet, but we'll call it that for now)
no
I don't think so
given the conversations we had with the CS people
we can discuss it more with Sean
but I think
what I'd like to do is
create the simple helper, unrewrite
put that in the mixer
and then write *one* function in the generator
rewrite_links or whatever we want to call it
that does both rewriting of links as well as unrewritting the images and scripts when necessary
since it'll be all in one function
you don't have to do this global variable crazyness
so the code should be simpler
and since it's in the generator
it'll give people the flexibility to edit it
if they need to
don't make tests for absolutize srcs yet
let's discuss it with Sean first
you can work on tests for url stuff though if those are not in yet
Hmmm, ok
Hmm, I don't think it has to be as complicated as that
we have a rewrite_to_upstream function, we can leverage that.
It will take a proxy domain and rewrite it to it's appropriate origin domain
yeah
what was the easy changes?
Hmm, and what did you figure out was easier afterwards?
yeah
so
I should've talked to you about that project more before you guys got started
Sorry about not pointing you in the right direction
Next time just let me know what you're thinking of doing before you do it though, just to make sure we're all in the same page
and we don't have to waste time doing unnecessary work
That's good.
But yeah, so I closed the PR, since you know what the better change is, please go ahead and make that
and I'll evaluate that PR when that's ready
That's fine, but if you're pinged into a room, it's probably because someone needs you there.
Just go in there for the discussion, and leave it once it's done.
Ah
If it doesn't ping you if you're not in the room, then I would recommend not filtering out the email since that's the only notification you'll get
eh
No other repo should change
Steno should not need any changes
Only changes should be strictly in houston
if you need to make changes elsewhere
you're probably missing something
Anyways, there is an expectation that if someone pings you, regardless what chat room, you should go there, so please set up your notifications/email filters in such a way that you'll be alerted.
something must be weird
the only hipchat emails I get are when people @message me
https://moovweb.hipchat.com/account/notifications
You can customize the settings there
If you're in the office, there's less of an issue to ignore hipchat since we can communicate in person
but if you'll be working remotely, it is the only way to communicate, so we have to be responsive.
It's cool, new things are always heard
hard*
yeah
did it work?
hrmm
how about now?
just messaged you twice
Hmm
Hm, might have to wait for the changes to take effect
@all leaving for my doctor soon.  Will WFH as soon as that's over, no later than 4pm
@all I'm back
from outer spacse
space
I'm alive
not kicking though
hey
oh
you're gone
sad
@SeanJ http://mlp.wikia.com/wiki/Snowflake
ooh
http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_RDPUXEd0ykaScC81x-ItE08wYpAlNzO
lol
@all http://www.youtube.com/playlist?feature=edit_ok&list=PL_RDPUXEd0ykaScC81x-ItE08wYpAlNzO
I can add that in there
link?
Currin has two entries
no reason why you can't either :p
Done
too bad :p
It's now forever recorded
FOREVER\n
tritium!
$("//*") { log(index()) }
oh no!
I MISSED THIS
HOW COULD I?!?!
no (rdcry)
Hmmmmmm
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
10 minutes?
woot (content)
(content)
woot woot!
cool
I'll add the stuff to the BB tomorrow/tonight
I started doing it
but was preempted by moving
for the new desks
wow
but it's not semantically the same, right?
the second xpath will match more
that the first….or is that not true?
I am
did someone break something?
I will have to have a talk with my pull requestees
oh shit
this is bad
if those links were in the generator
it means that there's probably some live projects out there
with those links
the cloudfront ones
which means we can't really take cloudfront down
unless we scrape all projects
and update those links
=(
indeed
sorry, just keep getting preempted with other stuff.
Anyways, gonna update the BB to rsync assets to both locations right now
CLI?
hahaha
hmm
question
if I use the rsync --delete flag
will that delete the project_assets folder?
(when syncing to the older location)
42 does not seem adequeate of an answer
: p
wow wow wow wow wow
Nope, rsyncing
sorry, thoguth I mentioned it yesterday
yeah
but the first command might delete project_assets
so that means the second would literary copy everything
well, actually, no, it's worse
becsause it would only copy this projects assets
and delete all other project assets
yeah
Hmm
can nginx/varnish have a fallback rule?
oh, yeah,
wait
this will work
yeah, I'm dumb, ignore me.
this should be fine
yeah, no worries
I'll hard code it for now
wait
no
I don't want to be interrupted
gah
page fault
phew
triple fault
lol
ok
should be easy enough.
question though
has the sync script been updated to sync both locations?
Yeah, I can do that.
and the cdn flush script?
that looks meaningless to me
sweet =D
ah
k, I'll look at them after lunch
@all going to lunch, will be back in an hour/hour+half
k, sound good
@JajaB are you done with your meeting?
does the PR look good?
cool
gonna merge in and do a test push
mdayaram/dashy
gonna add a new file on the root of the assets folder
pushing
yup
EVERYWHERE!
SWEET
nice
high five!
did it sync properly as well?
excellent
phase 1 complete
phase 2 is to update varnish to serve from the new location, right?
cool
should we disable git deploys while rsyncing?
true, just worried about rsync crazyness
true
k
they are indeed
I didn't figure them out for a while either
so useful
LOL
@JajaB if we had mass delete, I would get rid of them all
yeah, go head, I don't care
what I really wish is to be able to delete them from the apollo DB
those guys causes my home page to take FOREVER to load
: p
that would be nice
although
I ran those like
last year
I haven't needed to run gentest in over a year
I doubt we need them anymore
regardless, I use mdayaram as a non-serious test account anyways
nah
you're talking about the monit check?
that's different
it uses the moov-platform account
and it deletes the project after generating it
yep
well
there's a few that I use for constant testing
dashy
fancypants
definitely safe to delete anything that starts with projgentest though
but if you're asking me if I would ever miss anything under mdayaram, the answer is no : p
yeah
hence why I wish there was a mass delete option : p
SWEET
now…time to remove change in BB
this is the scurry part
eh
I think this might be a Go issue, not 100% sure
oh
that's something else
they're symlinks probably broke after upgrading
yeah, try to reinstall
yup
on it right now
I basically reverted the old change
and edited the config yaml file to include the new path
@JajaB looks good?
also
I just realized
in the confluence doc
but in the code, we were always uploading to /srv
was that just a discreptency?
ah
okie dokie
@JajaB http: //www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRfuAukYTKg&t=45s
wait, so he did that and it still didn't work? @nmakiya
eh, you could give it a try, not sure if it'll work or not if reinstalling didn't work
did you check if the files/symlinks are there and pointing to the right place?
@JajaB lol
@JajaB trying a new push to mdayaram/dashy
lemme know when you're ready
pushing
newer file
FINAL_NEW_FILE
oh
nooooo
shit
Hmm
that's right, we don't sync the path
shit…hmmm, so it's not as simple as just editing the config
adding a hotfix for now
@JajaB could we pass the full path to the sync script?
like
would that be ok?
Hmm
already fixed
I can undo
lol
nevermind
I didn't fix it
I fixed it in the branch : p
pushing
done
LAST_TIME
woots
so is there going to be a different sync script for the JS file then?
okie doke
actually
can the current sync script just sync both?
we pass it an account and project
it can sync both project assets and js stuff
so we only call the sync script once from the BB
Hmm
I guess that's true
fair enough
wooooo
sooo good
and things are still alive and kicking?
w00t
noaccess
stdlib 1.0.171 is broken
use stdlib 1.0.99
2.0.99
@SeanJ can we revert it in Tritium io?
stdlib has a bug in the URL related functions
Hmm
regression on url(…) function
I don't have access
nooo
nooo
the fix is in
but we haven't had a recent build of manhattan to build the new mixers with
because of a bug in gokogir
which I can try fix now
well, I've been trying, and failing : p
We can hide it for now
ok, it's hidden
The fix is merged in, but no new mixers have been built since then
did it?
what changed about it?
I thought that was in before 2.0.99
but I could be wrong I suppose
@all master branch of gokogiri is no longer for our internal build.  Use mw_master instead
if you use the ./nogo build script, this will automatically take care of things for you
2
@G3 no, just running the nogo script will do it
!!!!
<3
Me neither until I saw it
Glad you finally got it (content)
You're awesome, we just miss you <3
@G3 k, will review
lol
adrobs
adorbs*
YAY
hmm
2 minutes
I would say?
ok
well
apollo hasn't released the new route yet
and while testing it locally, it doesn't work for me
so I'm a little blocked on that
but I might just fake out a  good response from apollo to continue testing
depending on how many other things I Have to do
cool
cool
it works…did you copy that file manually?
oh
I'm assuming that's from the original dump/sync
cool
@G3 are the same PRs updated?
it was in manhattan and houston, right?
cool
@all stepping out to shower+lunch, ping me via an @noj or text message if you need me immediately
@all omg, crazy ride
sorry my lunch break was somewhat extended
had lunch at twitter, and then decided to work at their office a bit
Then moved to the Babson office and my batter ran out and I had to scrounge for a charger
I didn't =(
anyways
I am at a stable position now, with a power adapter and VPN capabilities
so I should be good until my doctors appointment
yup, in the middle of looking at them
@G3 made comments on houston
k
will look
@G3 rerebuttal
oh god
that reminds me
of a terrible song
a very nsfw song
yes
I have
that's the major nsfw part
@G3 have you seen my new comments?
rewriting?
Hmm, no need to wait for that
ah, I see, that other ticket
k
Hmm
There is one…or at least in the new mixers one such function has been added
hrmrmrm
we don't have any way to turn that off right now
you'd have to either regex it out
or finangle it somehow during parsing so that post parsing it doesn't have that new line
eh
probably easiest solution would be
inside html node
html() { remove("./div[ @class='has_whitespace' ]/text()") }
not sure if that works
but it's worth a try
I see
I wonder if it doesn't consider new lines as parts of text()...hmmm
hmm
I think it might reinsert as part of parsing
it kept the new lines that I inserted, even though I'm removing all text nodes
but it also inserted new newlines in certain key locations
prolly to follow html best practices (new lines between <head> and <body> and <meta> tags)
that's crazy
now I just don't know
anyways
I have to head out to my doctor's appointment
but it's definitely an issue with libxml
we can't do much about that other than regex, sorries =(
I got some code locally, but I couldn't test it because my local version of Apollo did not respond to the new route for js redirection
I wanted to wait for the code to get to stage to test it
It's weird, works fine for Mat locally but not for me.
So I'm dubious
On the ops side, josh has altered the cdn flush and sync scripts to work for the js redirection paths as well.
So we should be good on that front.
I should have something working by end of day today if the Apollo route works just fine.
There's the one that apache made
I think it's called apache bench
ab for short
lame
I thought it lets you do that, no?
looking at it right now
@G3 I added some more comments to Houston
minor stuff, mostly wording/comment related
Let me know when those are in and I'll merge everything in
@JajaB we can give it a try, not sure why it's disabled in the first place
well
yeah, not sure why
do you want to use SSL for all edgecast requests? that prolly makes sense
yeah
zhigang, always super descriptive with his commit messages
okie doke, I'll get to it when I get in today
also
the update/delete redirection scripts are done and in the BB, I'd like to test them out with you if you have time.
it calls ./redirect_sync in the cdn box
haha, I'll give you an hour, still have to get into the office :p
yes
did I break anything?
=/
we are running redirect_sync
is that not working?
probably redirect_Js/mdayaram/dashy.js
that's the one I've been playing with
I think the sync script isn't working :/
redirect_sync that is
oooooooooooooooooooooooh
ok
I will fix right now
fair enough
fixing
should be fixed now ^.^
just pushed the change, waiting for jenkins to propogate it, and then I'll run the sync script
yeah
works now
:p
it is a little slow
not the mother land!
yay
Yay
@aj add some test cases and then go ahead and merge it in.  I unfortunately don't have enough time to properly review it, but it's self contained enough that it should be ok
@all Leaving at 5pm today because I was too silly to pack yesterday.
@SeanJ are we doing sprint planning?
Happy birthday @Aaron from Guatemala!
Going great!
pretty awesome
terrified of my inbox
I looked at it today
300+ new emails
Gonna take a day to just sort it all out
ha
MY console page?
no
which one? mdayaram, or noj?
lemme see here
LOL
omg
I was gonna write a selenium script to do it :p
Ahhhh
COOL
does apollo stage talk to it?
YES
omg
@JajaB NICE, the BUILD_ENV is set where though?
@G3 lol, when I come back :p
oh, nice
omg
that's awesome
=D
(content)
that's totally worth all the 300 emails I'll have to sift through when I get back.
omg, that makes me so happy
Are giedi stage and slug stage repopulated every day with copies of production?
lol
so what you're saying is that the more vacations I take, the more shit will get done?
I'm sold.
cool
what?
NOooooo!
but I worked so hard!
I spend ALL OF MONDAY setting it up
(rdcry)
hahaha
I think future noj deserves a desk
work from a random cave in the middle of the guatemalan jungle to reach nirvanoj
one thing I wanted to do this trip which I didn't get a chance to do was sit underneath a waterfall
I did get to jump off a 30 foot cliff into a river though, that was pretty cool =D
terrifying, but cool
Anyways, gotta head out
I'll see you guys Monday!
well, everyone except Jaja :p
Take care @all!
lol, you should ask @cneale to help
the nojment will be spread!
alrighty, laters!
yay!
(content) aww, I missed you guys too.
Next time we should all go to Belize!
actually
the second @foo = 2 simply overrides the first @foo = 1
so
when you call test?
So
@foo = 1 is initialized at the class level
when you call the new method
it gets overriden
with 2
if you call teh blah method before calling new
:p
hm
so it doesn't get overriden
well
they're technically not hte same variables
one is tied to the class
yeah
yeah, but when you do A.class_eval { @foo } you'll get 1 instead of 2
and that's just because initialize hasn't been called yet
yeah
It's the same variable, just get's overwritten when we call new
and when you call self.class.blah
you're access @foo of a different instance that hasn't been initialized
it affects
@@foo and @foo are different variables
@@foo will be tied to the class, @foo is tied to the instance
@JajaB that's weird
@superkev yeah, that's because class variables are persistent for the lifetime of a program
Ah
does ruby have a singleton class for every class?
oh
yeah, that's the class object
not an instance
so a @@var is always a variable to the singleton class object
But not sure why declaring @var at the class level doesn't let you access it as a normal instance var
that part is weird
well
@var shouldn't be
eh
not sure about @var being declared at class level, but @@var vs @var should definitely be class var vs instance var
@JajaB you around?
halp >>
L<<
<>
yay
so
this is a place that we used to read/write from in the production buildbox
was wondering if you could give us perms
Hmmmmm
I wonder who >.>
lemme know when it's all good ^.^
is everything going ok?
@JajaB ?
<3
so much loves
(flutteryay)
kinda
slug is in the right play (yey)
but
mps is not reading it
for whatever reason
place*
but reddit project wroks
ooh
that's weird
year
we saw the file there
well
the first one is there
if you look in the box
not sure why nginx can't find it
ooooooooh
trying it
OK
yey
works now
looks like we broke the syncing
will have to fix that
but other than that
sweetness
we might as you to deploy a new set of scripts to the staging
with the syncing fixed
thankee!
@all stepping out for the doctor's now
should be in the office post-lunch, prolly a little after 1pm
haha, yeah
@JajaB you around?
wow
doubles?
I literary forgot what I wanted to ask you
oh wait, I remember now
nvm
I'll just....look into it :p
we need to get a better microphone for dogpatch
hearing anything in that meeting was rather difficult
yeahj
oh
gross
hrmrmrm
Can anyone tell me the IP address of peabody?
@SeanJ the example you gave in the edgecast ticket is supposed to return 200
you should've linked your test
oh snap
also
it's returning 404 for me now
weeeeird
they must've "fixed" it?
fyi, @all I made this app a while ago to debug some issues we were having, through I'd share:  http://dechor.herokuapp.com/
What does it do you ask?
let's you dictate the server what kind of response you want
curl -i http://dechor.herokuapp.com/200
or
curl -i http://dechor.herokuapp.com/418
You can also pass response headers as URL parameters
curl -i 'http://dechor.herokuapp.com/418?Coffee=NO'
It's public, submit a PR :p  https://github.com/mdayaram/dechor
BTW
I also have headerecho.herokuapp.com
if any of you haven't seen that one, it's much older
but it basically responds back with the request it was requested with
(as the response body)
it should never fail!
yep yep (fuckyeah)
I do admit I should write better README's for both of them
everything I do needs a better README
I fail at reading myself
interesting
new mouse time
@aj did you end up using the context map to add information from the slug manager to it?
oh? I thought your nickname in hipchat was @pizza
what was it?
yes
yeah
yeah
I would stick with pizza
it's a commodity
hahahaha
anyways, yeah, @pizza, I'd like to see your changes, they'll help me out with logging
wait, I'm confused
how does jaja know about the PR 0.o
good enough for me
I think Omar had made a style guide a while back
but other than that, I don't know
neat
ok, I'm gonna eat some breakfast, brb
@pizza lemme know when the PR is ready for review
okie dokes
hey, did you guys get my invite?
oh, I bet all of you are at lunch
lame
lunchies
excellent
white elephant gift exchange
calendar invite
did it have the description on it?
I'm wondering whether I should send an email about it or if the invite is enough
doesn't have to be good
could be complete crap
that's the beauty of white elephants
no one cares!
no
k, cool, thanks
I
fucking
hate
github PR diffs
as a code review tool
adskfsafasdgas
god dammit
just cause a line of code is not part of a diff doesn't mean I shouldn't be allowed to comment on it
fucking A
aararaargh
stupid fucking diffs and your stupid fucking collapse view,adsfsdfsdf
brb, gonna take a razor blade bath.
hmm
@pizza are you available?
@hcatlin so I guess what we can do is set a header in the response that tells varnish that this request was a page view
and then varnish can log that info into the billing data
that's gonna really kill us on ajax heavy sites though
what about html_fragment, do you want that to count?
right
at a per-request basis
So, I can do the MPS side, but @JajaB should be made aware of this change.
as you said, we want to hide the header from the user, so we'll want varnish to remove it?
oooh
tell the other meeting goers I said hi (content)
anyways, I'll talk to him and figure it out
we can chat more about it tomorrow need be
yeah
I'm making a bunch of logging/header changes today
so they'll be in there
please don't scare the bejezus out of me like that though…I thought something terrible had happened when you called >.>
it's ok, I still love you :p
http://www.watchcartoononline.com/thumbs/My-Little-Pony-Friendship-Is-Magic-Episode-9.jpg
hey
I wanted to do the review of your PR using video chat or something
because github PRs suck
and they make me want to kill myself
ok
@pizza did you tell the apollo folks about the new routing requirements?
er
manifest requirements?
dammit, stop being everywhere at once :p
cool
ok
I made a bunch of test pivotal stories as Sean suggested
:p
If we can get a staging build of apollo
lol
I made mine as chores
(for testing)
hmm
I added 5.0.slugid
didn't add the routing
I added routing to one of them
nah, a non-test one
MPS should consume updates from existing slugs
that one
lol
bais
ok, I'm going to make a checklist of things to check
@pizza latest windows build failed, looks like it might be related to your changes?
@MichaelCatlin wait, huh?
oh
so when the project is running
and you browse to www.site.com
it goes to your local instance
and you'd have to stop the project from running
to view the live one
not the prettiest
but if you have the toolkit
it should tell you that the site you're viewing is a local project
not sure =/
@pizza cool
generator
will resolve the IP
and generator a config.json
that has the IP on the right hand side
the SDK will not do auto-resolving
so
if you push with IPs
things will work
still
it's just not ideal
cause the IPs could change
If we want to add a warning, there's no story for that
I can make one, but I'll put it in the icebox
I don't think it's something we should worry about for the next week or two anyways
ooh
I wanted to work with you on those
are they done?
ok, will look at it again once I'm done doing the logging stuff
waaa
I can't run mps locally anymore
waa
@pizza
(rdcry)
I wanna run/test mps locally
but I get a nil pointer exception when I curl it
howtofix? aka, what new things do I need to set up to run it?
@pizza you said you added a change for error checking in mps? I don't see any new commits from you, are you sure you pushed to master?
ah, is it updated?
I should probably add a bit as to why we're considering removing it...hrmrmrm
ok
@hari do core-rewriter tests pass? no failures are expected.
@Aaron lol, yeah, that would be pretty sweet
eeh
wait
let's wait until all tests are passing
before adding your change
must fix current broken tests before adding new tests
I thought you said that test was new?
so it just started failing all of a sudden? that's really weird
ok, so it's different from before.  yeah, regardless, before we make a framework wide change to fix something that is not preexisting yet, let's fix the things that regressed first
wait, why are we talking about skipping tests?
that's fine
it's the only test failing in stdlib
it's fairly isolated, we can deal with that later
core-rewriter is in pain though
not sure why
I'm trying to run it now...
@pizza -rw-rw-r--    1 slug slug 5430455 Dec 14 00:36 routing_manifest.json
@JajaB online?
Hmmm, I believe we decided that you should use capture in those cases
capture will prevent that from happening
do you have to use replace?
if you HAVE to use replace
then you could do something like this:
replace(...) {\n  $saved_1 = $1\n  $saved_2 = $2\n  // do stuff\n  $1 = $saved_1\n  $2 = $saved_2\n}
yup, np
@superkev if i have a bug I need to file against the generator, what bucket in pivotal do I do that in?
K, THANKS
woops
caps lock
@G3 latest scripts are in staging
but git push isn't working
I gotta help Sean with something, check it out and see if you can figure out what's wrong
I'm getting this error:
ooh
so
conditions:
1) rehosted
2) moov deploy
so
I just updated the staging scripts
like 10 minutes ago =/
so things will be different
hrmrmrmrm
lemme see
cool
thankee
are you WFH today?
nvm
just saw your email
@JajaB anything specific you'd like me to cover with the interviewee?
as in, anything you wish you could've covered but didn't have enough time for
eh
that message wasn't not sent out to the people in charge of changing that error message :p
@G3 is helping I'm assuming?
@hari I believe it was related to permissions errors with user's ssh keys
@G3 @superkev can you answer hari's question?
phew
ok, just needed time to refresh
indeed, it would be cool if we could have an indicator in apollo
Happy new year!
so
@MatB for now we should update all the stuff in staging to do a final validation on the SDK, right?
I'll do the same with the build scripts as well as a the manhattan gem
ok
@MatB BB and manhattan gem in BB are all updated to the latest
how's apollo
?
I also believe Josh fixed the version issue
cool
Yeah, i want to make more precise repro steps for that
before I file a pivotal issue
yeah
there's a few isues
one is
It's not clear what I should input in the terminal for deploying
like
which domain should I use? that's unclear
the other is the confusion that takes place when you change that domain
and how to handle that
whether it's a technical issue, or a UX issue, or both, we need to handle it somehow….
I guess it's not super critical, it can most likely wait until later
but something to keep in mind, aka, have a pivotal thing to track it
@all cl02 and the BB are both running 4.9.51 (the latest) -- likewise, apollo and the build scripts are updated to the latest
Please test the shit out of things =)
@SeanJ you said you wanted to chat? lemme know when you want to do that
um
Hmm
I frogot too
eh, those are on the works…it was something else
or rather
I believe Hari is testing in Linux
and I'll try to repro those steps in windows
but I thought it was something else
right
yeah
I feel pretty good about the MPS release
the SDK not too sure about
so
gems are broken right now
that is
moov service definitely does not work
if you use gems
so yeah, it's something we need to decide if we want to make the effort to make them work
config.json…sounds like Mat and Hcat got that then.
or wait, are you saying hampton is looking at it, or we should get hampton to look at it?
oh right
transitioning that feature to apollo control
right
so
I know of one suggestion, but we should definitely discuss
But for now, it's probably best to leave it as is?
It is somewhat confusing at first
but it's not a deal breaker
prolly best to get everything else solid
and then add better management of that later?
post 5.0
no worries
yeah
well
even then
you need the moovweb domain there
yep yep
@SeanJ where can I find a link to the page that has everyone's projects that they're using for testing on?
thankee
cool
checkout flow as well?
shotty sanrio
cool
right
that's fine
I'm going to purchase my own sanrio things
I see it has an updated billing address
nice
yes
lemme update that doc
which by the way
confluence is a terrible tool for collaborating with a constantly updating doc
everytime I click save I fear I deleted someone's work
oh yeah
I remember an issue with hacker news and https
I don't understand how we're supposed to test single domain with existing projects
It can only be rehosted
appy
that's gonna use 4.7
oh, I see what you're saying
did you do sudo moov deploy?
no
you shouldn't
but if you did, that might've caused some issues
Can we download the zip that was uploaded and inspecct the contents?
@G3 @MatB what's the best way to do that?
neat
@MichaelCatlin prod or staging?
4.7.77
oh
I think nature is a compass project?
ah, cool
should we test checkout both locally and in staging?
k
yup
depends
did it happen once?
or all the time?
ugh
fucking hacker news
I swear to god, their site is the jankiest thing on the web
I have no idea, that should not happen, but I'm also not surprised that it happens with hacker news
why?
oh yeah
maybe just test checkout locally?
I'll update the doc
@MichaelCatlin yeah do checkouts locally
also, that's not good
so
this is the second time it's happened
where
config.json didn't have the site
and it let me push
but then it's an error in the cloud
makes manoj sad
(rdcry)
why we no error on hostname validate?
Hmm
the problem was that
my config.json didn't include my moovweb domain
looks like a real failure
I filed a github issue for it, it's a test failure for a new feature that we don't use, so it should be ok, going to ignore the test for now.
next build should be fine
eh
I can't imagine it going longer than 5 minutes
so yes, something is weird
weird
was gonna say…that's really cheap
@MatB can we do that tomorrow? I'm still not done with the project stuff, keep getting preempted
@G3 hmm, looks like it's stuck or something...
sigh
I don't know why jenkins is being weird
@G3 please escalate to ops
I don't have SSH access from home, so I can't really check much
yes
eh
I imagine it should be pretty easy…the hard part is keeping it in sync with production
that migration would take forever
but I guess we can just run rsync nightly
I'll leave that up to ops, whether they'd want to do that or not
weird
the checkout result page in sanrio is unstyled
but everything else was totally fine
weird
I refreshed, now it's styled...
weird...
looks like it's their fault
Try using a normal User Agent
I bet they're returning 400 if the User Agent isn't a known browser
ok
sorry, not sure what you mean?
the host header should not be rewritten if you're using the core mixer
Hmm, well, if you're using the latest version and it's doing that, then it's a bug
But the latest released version should be fine
what version was that?
hmm….I'm looking at the code, give me a bit.  could be an issue in the proxy
k
well
I don't think there were any major changes done to it, but just for consistency, let's deploy the latest built.
I'm deploying 0.1.121
@SeanJ core 0.1.121 is deployed
Sean, what version did you release again?
oh
can you do that in staging apollo?
cool
ok, yeah, this is a regression
that's odd
we have mixer tests for this
but they're passing in jenkins....
must be a discreptancy...
eh
I update the mixer
and the config.json
oh
ok
hmm
k
did you update the Mixer.lock file to use the core mixer instead of whatever was there?
yeah
also
@SeanJ I'm getting some weird behavior on pajamagram
if I run perfect proxy on it (using single domain configs), everything looks fine
but if I try to run the current mobile site
it changes some image sources (not all, just some) into their IP address equivalents
Makes me think it might be project specific
k
oh
I noticed a pattern
it only happens to images that are being late loaded
as in
images that have the URL on the data-url attribute as well
gonna leave it as a proj specific thing.
but I'll take note of it on the doc
@MatB let me know when you want to test BB/Apollo
sure, I can do that
cool
just to be clear, we're talking about this checklist, right?
The second section, right?
right
cool
ok
so
yesterday
during the exisitng project testing
ah
ok
yeah, hopefully monday
so
let's see
I tested 4.9 yesterday for a bunch of these things
lemme go through it and check real quick
nevermind
I only got to check three boxes :p
ok
let's walk down the line
starting with the legacy/rollback list
you said you did a git push, right?
cool
the zip file you mean?
shit
I don't have ssh access
from home
hmm
let me ask Jaja how hard would it be to add me.
hold on
OK
I has the SSH!
@MatB I don't see the zip file for 55128
hmm
only if it's  a git push
Hmm
hrmrmrmrmrm
can you try again?
what project?
Hmm
do you have Debug output on?
Debug output should tell you the result of the zip file, do you see any errors?
interesting
I see it now
I was looking in the wrong directory
>.>
yup, totally there
@MatB why aren't you doing yoga?
ook, I would've been fine with testing this later, but up to you
ok, I'm going to check for the duplication of the assets
cl22.moovdns.net
what's the site id and endpoint id?
yeah, that exists
looks good
oh yeah
forgot about that page
yup, all those are in there
I did a diff on the main.js file for default endpoint and matb/hannaanderson-sing
single
and they're the same
that looks good
cool
under matb?
I think so
although
I don't see it in the cdn folder
just called hannanderson?
oh
I thought you said you generated a different one?
k
checking
yup
yup
ws this generated via console UI or command line?
cool, ok, so all of that's checked off
sounds good, looks like the only things left are moov generate command line and js redirection
oh, true
@MatB FYI, one of my friends is doing a study on TDD and BDD.  I was helping him out with how we use those here at Moovweb, but at the end of the day, I told him you might be better suited to answer his questions, so I gave him your email, I hope that's ok. \nIf it's not, just tell him that you actually have no idea who I am, and to stop taking advice from crazy people :p
I told him we do a lot of testing (on apollo) but we don't necessarily adhere to strict TDD or BDD
or rather, we never really label them as such
we just label them as testing
also
I was gonna test command line generate while you were gone
but the generate command doesn't exist in the latest sdk
and after a bunch of random failed hacks that didn't work, I've decided to build 4.7 to point against staging
yeah, that might be hard
i can copy a zip file from prod and put it in stage
lemme finish checking generate first
command line generate that is
ok
generated project fails
from moov generate
slug is not executable
if you follow normal directions
@MatB it has to do with the domain list that's generated
so
it looks like apollo adds more domains to the domain list than exist in the config.json
My config json when generating a project:
{\n	"host_map": [\n		"$.heychickadee.com => www.heychickadee.com",\n		"$.heychickadee.com => heychickadee.com"\n	]\n}
domain list in project settings: mmdayaram11909.www.heychickadee.com	 Configure\nmmdayaram11909.heychickadee.com
Right
so the problem here is
Because mmdayaram11909.www.heychickadee.com	is in apollo
MPS will respond to it
and find the proper slug for it
but because mmdayaram11909.www.heychickadee.com	is not in the config.json
it can't run that slug
why does apollo need to generate that extra domain?
why can't it use the other one as the moovweb domain?
ooooh, is it because when I generated, the starting domain was www.heychickadee.com?
right…I see
ok
yeah, it probably won't be for a while
but
this problem is not for single domain only
this is a normal rehosted project
experiencing this
so
from what I can tell
I did
SCREAM
:p
moov generate should automatically have it there!
so
right, but people will still be running 4.7 generate
after we upgrade all the things
so
this is what I understand is happening:
I ran moov generate stuff www.heychickadee.com
from this, apollo discerns that the moovweb domain will be hostvar.www.heychickadee.com
and then kicks off teh generate scripts
the generate scripts call site analyzer, and the default ruleset is to strip the WWW from the domain, leaving me with this:
{\n	"host_map": [\n		"$.heychickadee.com => www.heychickadee.com",\n		"$.heychickadee.com => heychickadee.com"\n	]\n}
Thus, moovweb domain is no longer in rules
we could, but that could also change
yeah
sigh
I'm not sure what to do about this..
I could change the old generator
to include a rule for www domains
but the whole point we original stripped it is because we thought that was silly and we should remove it
yeah
maybe run it by hcat?  I think the easier thing to do would be to update the generator to include a rule for www
but it just makes things look slightly uglier
I don't know
k
Hmm
Actually
we could also force people to upgrade to 5.0 once that's out?
like
disable the old style generate
in apollo, if that route gets hit, just return back a NO
or something like that
no
old-style generate is still hititng apollo
we can't change that
it's on existing SDK's
true, but in 5.0?
Some SDK's will output error message, but things older than 4.2 I don't think will.
right
yeah, prolly not
and we can always add a help page about it
can you run it by hampton real quick to make sure this is ok (aka, we don't have to worry about the problem because we'll just disable the old generate pretty soon)
is he in the office?
k
andrew….?
weird
only andrew I knew is farmer, the old employee
oh man, maybe he's coming back
>.>
::gossip::
yar, Hampton is talking to "Andrew"
but "Andrew" who?
for the .css rule
is that the .css directory, or file extension?
we should make sure it's the directory
k
k
k
some go tests would be great for the archive module in general
@pizza can you work together with Greg to write test cases for the archive stuff
golang test cases
(is amit in the office?)
cool, thanks
@MatB I'm gonna make some food.  When Hampton gets back, can you ask him about our plan regarding old generate?
@SeanJ when do you want me to start branching today?
If they need to make commits to any repo, I'd rather wait until they're done…or if they're willing to wait until I'm done.
deploy looks ok
@G3 and @pizza how are the tests coming along?
ok
as long as those tests are in and running/passing by EOD today, we can branch tonight then
do they know enough about it to write a test plan?
ok
so then it's fine for now then
yeah
I think that will fix a lot of problems
because you expect to be able to deploy to the domain of the site you view
but that doesn't work
and then
you expect to be able to view the site you're deploying to
but that also doesn't work
those are the two inconsistencies
@MatB I tried rebuilding with zip and no upload
and it failed =(
nvm
I found out why
the mixer is not released in staging
looks good
ok, all that's left is js redirection
@MatB I finished the testing
it all looks good
high five
what changes?
oooh
I guess I misunderstood what you said earlier
so what he wants is that we don't automatically add the moovweb domain to the host map?
gotcha
can we get those changes in staging today?
k
cool
brb, going to the drug store real quick
back
cool
nice
sounds good
let's leave it at that for now
hopefully I'll be good enough to come in monday
no worries
glad we're getting there ^.^
thankee
@pizza @G3 how are the tests coming along
?
@pizza @G3 a build just finished, 63, does that have the latest fixes for moov deploy plus tests?
hmm
@hari @hcatlin did you guys finish the changes you were making for the mac packaging?
was going to branch tonight
yeah
just wanted to make sure everything is stable
ok, cool
Just need the OK from @pizza and @G3
Do you know where they are? Both are being unresponsive
ah, cool
@pizza are you working with @G3 for the tests?
ok, cool
ok
Make sure you guys discuss the different kinds of test cases that are necessary
you'll need the same set of test cases for both tar and zip
PR is fine
ok, let's wait for the tests
once those go in, I'll branch
sounds good
@pizza @G3 are you guys still working on the tests?
eta?
ok
just wanted to make sure I was around when it was done
I might go AFK for a bit
eh
you can't
you'd have to put a file in it
why do you need an empty dir?
eh
oh
you want to test zipping an empty directory?
create it during the test
golang has a tempdir helper
which will give you randomly generated temporary directory
and you can use that
no good?
I see
Hmm
Hrmrmmrm
yeah, that does kind of suck a bit…but it's the only way I can think of =/
beep boop
how's the progress? @pizza @G3
cool
you guys still in the office?
lol
much appreciated
though I would like to remind you guys that it's OK to say that something will take too long and will have to wait until tomorrow
er, monday
I appreciate you guys staying late, but please don't feel pressured to.
work/life balance for the wins!
or something like that
I dunno
two back? did something break?
=/
if the zip hard is too much trouble to get to tonight, that's fine
you guys can work on it on monday
but go ahead and commit the tar tests
that's weird
hmmm, so what you're saying is that there was a bug in the tar code that your tests are exposing?
sure
right
oh
oh, yeah, that makes sense
the test will have to tar, then untar, and diff the result of the untar vs the original
same goes with the zips
I see
well
like I said, you guys can wait until monday, it's ok :p
did you order dinner by the way?
you know you're allowed to expense dinner if you're staying late
=(
You can do that now
>>
well
at least raid the kitche
kitchen
*
okie dokie
continuing monday?
that's fine
I'll go ahead and branch tonight anyways
eh?
oh, right, well, yeah, that's the point :p
tests are not to prove something is working (although that's helpful).   Tests are to be made aware that something broke in the future
no
You can trust that things are working now
but a change in the future might inadvertently break this functionality
without you noticing
that's why we have tests
Yes, that is one of it's uses…they have several.
eh, fair enough, guys, go home :p
:p
sounds good
yup yup
later
@MatB ya ready?
hmm, hold on
have to tend to something
sorries, false alarm :p
cool, let's get started in 15, have to help someone else with something
@pizza @G3 how's the testing going?
@pizza what are you working on in the mean time?
:p
@G3 how close are you to done?
with the comparison stuff that is
K
@pizza can you review Greg's changes once they're done?
Do the whole PR/comments/patches shebang
cool
Apollo release took precedence, will work on it after lunch.  For now feel free to comment the C code in xml/text.go to make things work locally
Yeah, if either of them is in the office, please bring it to their attention
Alternatively, you can turn the tests off and tell them in the morning
cool
what was the issue?
ah
fun stuff
@all heading out, will probably work from home after doctors
bai
@all I'm back
oh
yeah….did we not remove Git from the installer?
@TarunDesikan did it ask you or did it have it as an installer option?
aka, was it just a message saying "You should download git now!" or did it have a checkbox for git installation?
ok, can you make a pivotal for me to remove that?
I see…ok, thanks
ya
yeah
hrmrm
so
prolly will spend the next couple of hours verifying that the rollout is ok
for moov deploy...
hrmrmrm
I don't know
what I wanted to verify was that the build scripts are definitely not being called
right now it looks like they're not
but we can't be sure
in order to do that
I added a bunch of debug statements in the scripts
that write to a file
and I was gonna check if that file ever gets written
but after I tried those changes in staging, it broke the scripts
so I have to figure out why they broke
do you have repo access to the build scripts?
cool
if you wanna mess around/fix that
that would be great ^.^
does that seem reasonable?
I'll send out an email with a summary as well
ah, fuck, you even sent out an email
didn't see that until now
dammit
oh, yeah
added
@SeanJ do you have any more follow up items you'd like to add?
I did
I already told her it's fixed.
Do you want me to add her to the RCA?
(by add, I mean @ mention her name in it)
yeah
one sec
ok
so
right
so I was looking at the code
noticed that that chunk of the code has not changed since I introduced the http_proxy support
which was in October
So I figured it might be related to the go upgrade
so compiled latest master with Go1.2 to verify that the problem still exists, then compiled with go1.1 and the problem was gone
I took a look at the cert
from scholastic
it seems legit
in fact
their cert is 100% legit
they don't need that domain in the ssl white list
they just did that in the project because that's what our instructions said to do
in order to fix it
anyways
that's a clear Go regression
so I filed that bug
Right
So in the proxy level
No, they never had it there
Yesterday they noticed that the site stopped working
with this error:
Because of that error
they added the domain to the whitelist
however, that error was incorrect
If you notice at the bottom
it says "local error:  bad record MAC"
That's a completely different issue
If it was an SSL whitelist error, it would say something along the lines of....
hostname doesn't match expected hostname
or something like that
right
well
no
on the Handshake
no
it didn't
because
adding a domain to the SSL whitelist stops us from verifying the hostname
but it never got to that step
because it fails at the Handshake
TLS 1.0
nope
Because it worked on Go1.1
We can compile using Go1.1
and that should work
instead of 1.2
we can't use 1.0.3
because a lot of our code now depends on libraries that are introduced in go1.1
yeah, I was able to compile using go1.1 and the issue was resolved
what do you mean?
Yes, this is true
oh yeah
CLOSE_WAIT connections
Yeah
Hrmrmrmrmrmm
neither are appealing.
For short term...as in *this* release
I would take go1.0.3 and add the libraries that we're missing from 1.2
make our own fork of that monster
Wel
well
I wanted to investigated the diffs of the commits in go
to see exactly how this was introduced
I know where the error is coming from
it's an if statement that compares the localMAC vs the remoteMAC
and for some reason
for this cert
they don't match
I could easily remove that if statement
but who knows what insecurities I'd introduce by doing that
yes
exactly
ok, sounds good
@hari are you done with the windows installer changes?
need to remove the git installer, want to make sure we don't step over eachother's toes
that's fine, same
also
even with the new db dump
bundle exec rake db:migrate fails for me
woe is me
solution:
drop database apollo_development;
create database apollo_development;
load latest dump
fixed =)
no
that would be an exploit :p
why do you ask?
eh, tell him the only way to skip it is by sending a request with the cookie set
@MatB is there a way I can get a dump of all the upstream domains we have?
Watching Jessica's talk, let's do it after
@MatB the code is in staging
could you verify the redirect stuff yourself,
I have to deal with a production issue
ok, Sean took over the prod issue
I can help out now
is apollo up to date in staging?
@MatB ?
k
k
hm
did you wait long enough after the first update?
it's possible that their cache timeouts were out of sync
TOGETHER! (yey)
Cool, I'll look into it when I get in the office
roughly 5 or so
I'm composing the data now
I don't know which are production and which aren't, but I'll send you a list pretty soon
Here are the domains affected by the SSL issue:
\nfhbonline.fhb.com\nwww6.rentacenter.com\nclubs2qa.scholastic.com\nclubs2stg.scholastic.com
Yes
unnecessary
Add the setting to their config.json now
current sdk ignores settings it doesn't know
Hmm
wait
we can add it to the routing manifest
And have MPS retrieve that info from there
new MPS will get info from routing manifest
and do the right thing
setting can live in apollo I guess, or for consistency, in config.json and then uploaded to apollo on a push
er
deploy
if we put it on a slug
then there could be down time
unless
we upgrade the SDK in the build box before MPS
If you want to do that
we can put it in the slug
right
Hmm
if we're betting that 4.7 will play nice with these slugs, there's no reason to not upgrade the BB and just leave it upgraded
we run the same risk either way
and we can't prevent other individuals from pushing during that time.
oooh
fancy
scurry, but fancy
right
well, before I can add the feature
I'll need to know where to fetch it from.  Are we sure it'll be in the slug and not the manifest?
oh yeah
@SeanJ alternatively, we could compile the slugs locally, and have Jaja copy them over to prod
ok
k
Here's this if you want:
Rows highlighted red are failures
It's all except these:
I could not get the upstream for those domains
because apollo has corrupted data for them.
@SeanJ new idea
what if
if you have ssl_verify set to false
we also assume you want this setting
of max tls version 1.0
that way the slug stays the same
everyone can push the config on the projects now, 4.7 slugs are updated with the info
and the new MPS will do the right thing
what do you think?
sorry, I meant ssl_whitelist
right, so it's fine
yar
TLS 1.0 is the maximum we used to support before anyways
the setting doesn't enforce tls1.0, it enforces a maximum of tls1.0
I can run the test again with that setting on all upstream
and see if there are any differences
right
so
two of the affected domains are staging only
the only two prod ones are these, right?
fhbonline.fhb.com\nwww6.rentacenter.com
right, but for them it's only their staging server
so I figured it's ok to have them use ssl_whitelist
in fact, they're already doing htat
that*
hmm, lemme chec
check
thanks
cool, thanks
@SeanJ since we're doing the config, do you still want MPS to log whether a request used that config?
It's probably easier to log that info in the BB than in MPS, the BB could also push that info to Apollo
@SeanJ logging question above?
@SeanJ please advise on who should review my PR for the new config
lol
yeah, this is probably good enough
(by this, I mean platform room notification as opposed to email)
The fix involves an apollo and BB deploy
The current BB and apollo staging version have been tested and are solid to go
we'd be deploying those versions to prod
hmm
I have a dinner to attend at 6, so I won't be around
sigh, pushed yet another day :p
well
it's a project setting
well
we don't currently log ssl_whitelist stuff
and this is along the same lines as that
but you can find that info in the project
ok, currently I'm not logging it.
ok
@pizza do you have time to review a PR regarding SSL?
er, TLS
woots
@pizza let me know if you have any questions
also
random trick I learned
if you're looking at diffs
and you're frustrated for all the formatting/whitespace diffs
add the parameter "w=false" to the github URL
and it'll only show you non-whitespace diffs
mad useful
@Aaron gosass-testing is failing
@MichaelCatlin I'm not sure what you're talking about? I know Jeff sent out a doc for Moovweb5 not long ago
@MatB we've decided to do something simpler which won't require us to do anything fancy, just add a patch to MPS that will allow the change to be seamless
yay
@pizza moar ssl reviews!
right, so
I didn't completely undo all changes
I left the changes that updated the interface in mirrorhttp
and the changes in houston and whatnot were just to fit the new interface
don't want to
I like this interface better
it's more flexible
yup
yayay
@pizza before you look into the dashboard code, take a look at Jenkins, the packaging job is failing'
true story, almost had a heart attack just now
(truestory)
I was testing the rollout by starting with the test cluster
and I was browsing m.kay.com
and the search page looked terrible
but I looked at their prod site and it looked fine
so I freaked out
but then I realized
that the stage server is now hooked up to staging git and staging build box and staging slug server
not that many people replied
I was hoping for more
@m @pizza @Aaron @G3 we're starting!
We're going to start with Cluster 22 (test cluster)
The IP address is 54.193.32.26
Here is the spreadsheet to log your results:
Set your /etc/hosts to the IP address for the domain you're assigned to
yeah
There's the column
"Features Reviewed"
those are the features you want to check for
when checking your project
You may go ahead and get started
You are checking for anything that looks odd
These are production projects, so they should look like pretty solid mobile websites
if anything is amiss
like something that's supposed to be clickable isn't doing anything
login is broken, things look out of wack, it's a bad sign and yell really really loudly.
?
@JajaB did you sync the routing_manifest as well?
that should be fine.
hrmrmrmrm
Hmm
is there a way that we can make CL22 MPS just point to the production slug server temporarily?
that way we won't have to worry about making sure apollo, cdn, and all the thigns are like prod
cool
Yeah, I think that's probably a good idea
cl02 = deving integration testing
cl22 = production rollout testing
yeah
makes sense that way
@JajaB OK, I believe we're ready for staging cluster upgrade!
5.0.39 plz
yup
@pizza @m @Aaron @G3 new IP for CL03: 184.72.40.125
The upgrade needs to propagate
I'll announce when we're ready to test
cool, thanks
@pizza @m @Aaron @G3 cluster is upgraded! begin testing!
@JajaB we're looking good at CL03
Can we go ahead and upgrade community?
and then we'll call it a day/weekend
no worries
Just to make sure, community cluster is CL50, correct?
And its IP address is 54.208.48.21 ? (want to make sure there's no crazy load balancing things I should worry about )
ah, ok
@pizza @m @G3 @Aaron For the community container, there are two clusters involved, CL50 and CL51
We'll split the testing on the two
Cool
Those are the IP address
Me and @m will take CL50
@pizza @Aaron and @G3 take CL51
Yup yup, hold off on testing until Jaja is ready
cool! thankee!
LOL
that is pretty epic
"Oh? Is that a birthday cake?"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE GROUND!"
@JajaB Thanks for the help!  We're all good!
how are the logs looking?
^.^
yay
lol
I see a bunch of requests coming in for webby.hazasite.com
is that our highest trafficked site in our community cluster? :p
noice
Gonna make a dashboard for clusters 50 and 51 in graphite just to gauge how they're doing
LOL
sweet
@m @Aaron @G3 @pizza Thanks everyone for helping with the rollout!
yes, it should
though is there a reason why you're not using the latest?
me, @cneale and @MatB are gonna work on deploy
Generate and dashboard, we have to decide what we want to do for 5.0 and what we want to save for 5.1
There's too many awesome ideas being thrown around
but I doubt we can do all of them for 5.0
hrmrmrm
colin doesn't have access to this room
But Colin and Kevin would be the ones to take point on that
S3 might be overkill, I wonder if the generator has any way of knowing where the user downloaded the file
and if we could just pass that back to the dashboard
but that might not be possible
oh
could the dashboard
pass in the filepath of the workspace
to the generator
so that when the user chooses to download the file
the default location could be the workspace
is that possible?
I guess that doesn't help cause we need to unzip it still
hrmrmrm
Hmmmm
Hmm
@superkev you have some solid ideas, maybe experiment with a few and see which one provides the best flow
@MatB I'll take a look after the rollout and AMA
I'm fine with making this room public fyi
@superkev the static files are in manhattan/build/misc/static
yeah
we should be
As long as varnish adheres to the key header if it sees it by default, then we don't have to do anything in the vcl I don't think
@JajaB yes, we can't remove any of those folders yet
oh, sure, I can do that
actually
@G3 can you edit the config in nosaka_build_scripts so that the staging config uses the same path as the prod config?
@G3 can you deploy it to staging?
lol
yeah, I'm working on that now
actually
@G3 could you take over
Cool, thanks
Oh god
What's up?
In a meeting?
Is our infra exploding?
Should I look for a new job MN
?
Pretty much :p
With?
That would be awesome
Could you kick off the builds?
Lol, no worries, you're a much welcomed distraction :p
Yea
back
what's up?
@JajaB back from meeting
okie dokie
I see a lot of jenkins emails
should I be concerned?
okie dokie
I adorbs
I like the husky corgi
^.^
@MatB no, that was stripped out I believe
feel free to remove
ah, yes, ruby magic
that's a moov compile failure
means something is wrong with the SDK
@MatB my obscure legacy code question is tingling, what's up?
"why on earth would it add '--account moovweb'?
yep, but I think we can remove it now
have to double check
but it should be fine.
: p
5.0.43
We'll prolly want to update that
--account=moovweb can probably be removed now since the build box is on 5.0
I have no idea what you guys are talking about with regards to the asset URL since I came into this conversation late
oh
is this on moov deploy or git push?
I see, lemme take a quick looksy
Is there a way to see what arguments were sent to the Build scripts?
that would help narrow down this issue
ah
==:  DEBUG : == ARG:  ajoshi/tofu4
Yeah, that line should be the site id and endpoing id
at least that's what hte build box is expecting
okie dokie
yes
if you can do it, please go ahead
I don't think I can, we need someone with admin access juan or lv
@juan
LAME
bai
@Aaron should be fixed
I've been summoned
it's not working
I rolled back the BB
and my apollo staging version of my project is 275
but my headers on the project say 271
everything looks fine on the logs
I SSHed into the build box
and everything is fine there
routing_manifest is updated
slugs are updated
all is good
MPS just ain't picking it up
I even checked the version on the slug file itself, in case we were building the slug incorrectly
MPS is being a douche
@pizza how's the testing going?
k
weeeeird
@MatB very weird
I see why
k
nice
going
done
please test
There's been a pivotal filed in October for that: https://www.pivotaltracker.com/story/show/58208318
@MatB (content)
@superkev I'm trying to run guap locally but I"m getting this error
Sass: : SyntaxError - File to import not found or unreadable:  moovui/moovui.\n
how i can fix?
@cneale maybe you know?
ah
submodules!
*shakes fist*
you guys should add that to the readme
nope
cool, thankee
woops
there
Is 8 workers too much? I figured it wouldn't be too bad...but I have no idea
Hmm, probably should reduce the number of workers to 4 maybe
8 might be too aggressive
2 to 4 on a rails app
but this is sinatra
theoretically lighter weight
so 4 should be solid
if 4 is the upper bound for rails
it should be a safe bound for sinatra
you wanna try 8 out?
no idea how to add those :P
But could give it a go
where can I release this to test?
guap.heroku.com?
staging would be good for now
who has access to push to staging?
Can one of you guys push to staging?
also, is the heroku configuration for staging and prod the same? like, same number of dynos, etc..?
ah
Hmm
could we push whatever is in staging to prod? or are there other major changes in place that would fuck with things?
cool, let's do it!
RAW
R
RAWR
woot
and the fire
can't wait to remove the fire as well
no
in cool kid code, being on fire is the new fetch
nice
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeird
so schrodienger
I'm here
At the bow and arrow that is
oh
we should change that message
Instead of git server it should say build server
@cneale @MatB should I make a pivotal to update that?
@cneale should I assign it to you?
what do you mean made that message up?
I thought that message was hard coded in apollo
didn't know it was something Sean had to input
Should I just kill the pivotal issue I just made then?
ah
so I'm leaving the ticket there :p
what's wrong with it?
oh
snapple
@superkev did you check in something in manhattan master?
what error message?
yeah
that's from the BB
we show that if host registration API call failed
no
we don't get that info from apollo
we just know that there was an error
(as far as I remember)
sounds good
(rdsalute)
cool
do we need to update the paths in circe as well?
noice
excellent, thanks guys
@m did you pull the FAQ off of the docs? I don't see any links to it anywhere anymore
ah
I found it on featured docs
but it doesn't seem to be anywhere else...I could've sworn there was a top-nav item for it...or maybe I"m going crazy
ah
I see it now
thanks
I'm going through and fixing the issues I found on thursday
cool (content)
yeah, I saw the ones you fixed, I think we're doing fine.
my pleasure =)
ugh, confluence is terrible for collaborative editing
can we collaborate on this on a google doc and then transfer to confluence once it's done?
weird
I didn't get an email about that
I'm adding it to the email thread for knowledge transfer :p
sorry I missed this...my phone did not ping me in the hipchat app =(
no plans
@G3 https://code.google.com/p/gcfg/  I guess it's not a standard library, this is the one I found.  The standard is called an INI config file.
Worth looking into but the decision on what to use should be discussed further
INI is the format, the extension could be anything
@MatB @cneale @w @pizza oh, fuck it, @all https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vq7G-Q9ZwC0
hrmrmrm, this first episode doesn't have much cooking
@cneale +10
np, that worked out pretty well actually
to skip the proxy?
that's possible, but probably unsustainable?
if they work on several projects that is
true
true
mlocal.* would be better if that works
Hey, @JamieGaskins or @MatB , could you help me out with some ruby issues?
I described them here to Hampton, but he hasn't replied =(
lol
I might be able to give you access :p
Ok, Jamie, you should have access now :p
haha
btw, if hampton hasn't shown you this:  http://emo.hazasite.net/
yup
checkout and run the script
hahahha
Nice
hahahaha
(priceless)
Yeah
the base works fine
and mw works fine
but if you try the mobile one
that one doesn't get generated correctly.
mobile inherits from base
so it should be a combination of mobile and base
but it's just the base one
mw inherits from mobile which inherits from base
and that one gets generated correctly (it has all three templates)
There's an inherits file inside the root of each template, there shouldn't be one inside the scripts folder though.
What happens is that given the template you provide in the command line, we build a list of the templates we need (based on the inherits file)
So if you choose mobile, we add mobile to the list, then we read the inherits file and add base to the list, then we stop since there's no inherits file in base
so we have the list [mobile,base]
we reverse it, and start the templating from there
so we start with [base,mobile]
so we start with the base template, and go through all the files
and that block goes through all the other templates (in this case just mobile) and calls render on the same field and returns the result.
I'm not sure how render/yield work myself, so that's the part that's somewhat confusing for me.
Any ideas? =/
Yeah, tha'ts what I was thinking
It's weird though, I added a yield in the mw template
and it still rendered fine =/
so maybe it's something else
Yeah, we need to put the empty string there
not sure if that's happening or not.
That's so weird
and tried generating that, and it worked just fine =/
This is bazaar.
hallo
basically ERB is cray cray (twicrazy)
but it works fine in a simple example =/
I think it has something to do with the mobile template itself
Hmm...no, it's literary two lines, the import of device_detection and then the yield
I create a new template
lol
ok
I removed the yield
and it still didn't work
something is really weird
Oooh
This is interesting
When I removed the yield from mobile
and I tried to create a mw template
mw wasn't included
wait, that's not interested at all
that's the expected behavior?
That's the expected behavior from the code, but is that what we want?
I thought the template that you chose should take precedence, no?
Ok, maybe I'm just confusing myself.
Yeah, I guess that's what I found confusing.
I figured you would start from the template you specify, and work backwards yielding on to the previous
but I guess both would yield the same results.
Hmm, probably not worth reworking the inheritance thing now, specially since our templates are rather simple.
yeah
@hcatlin any ideas?
oh man
this is worse than I thought
the ones in bundles.yml aren't getting properly imported either.
Yeah, so it looks like everything in the mobile template is ignored if there's a template in base =( ...but for some reason mw works fine >.<
Yup, it does them all
I wanna cry (rdcry)
If i create a new template from scratch, it works...blarghasdfas
ha
But mobile web is easy apparently :p
at least that's what I think mw stands for, I actually have no idea
I think I figured it out
Or I found the condition in which triggers it [not]working
The mobile template has three files that use yield
If all of them have a yield statement, none of them work.
If only one of them has a yield statement...then it works =/
Hopefully he left the room to come into the office :p
omg, HAMPTON, don't do it!
DON"T DO IT
Two broken arms are not better than one
oh snap
I have no idea, but it definitely looks like it's definitely dependent on how many files have a yield in them
definitely looks like it's definitely definite
fo sho
Hampton!  You're still alive
Don't go outside, Sean is on the prowl.
It's always the quiet ones.
Yeah
./project-generator mobile mysite google.com
Check any of these files:
and compare them to the base and mobile templates
You'll notice that you only get the file as it is described in the base template, and all the stuff in the mobile template is ignored
(indeed)
something is le funk.
Yeah, I'm trying all different combinations of yields in different files and everything is just spitting out crazy behavior.
It's all cray cray up in heer
Is there any way to make it simpler?  It gave me a headache trying to figure it out yesterday : p
Maybe that was a compliment : p
coo
This is exciting
is like watching a moovie
only instead of a tv infront of me
I'm imagining Hampton on PCP nuking it out with ruby
http: //www.chiefsplanet.com/BB/attachment.php?attachmentid=55242&stc=1&d=1142920093
hipchat fail
http: //i809.photobucket.com/albums/zz15/death_eater356/head-keyboard.gif
There we go
Nice, hcat:  1, ruby:  0
It didn't work when I tried it =/
base works
and mw works
YAY
(flutteryay)
lol
so silly
(highfive)
yaya
looks good
I'll merge into nosaka_build_scripts =D
Yeah!
You're on a roll
Hmm, does the index carry over into the recursive call?
In that case we need to increment it since it'll be different on the next call.
Hmm, yeah, then it's silly
Lemme try removing it and testing it out to make sure stuff still works
ah, ok
Hmm
It looks like the change causes a stack overflow when you try to generate the mobile template
=/
I guess something is using it behind the scenes
Yep
yeah, it totally threw me off.
Actually, it still throws me off
Sounds good
It's like an old trusty german shephard
He has a missing limb, can barely walk anymore, probably has asthma, but god dammit, you love it, and wouldn't dream of trading him in for a shiny new lab puppy.
and I literary just replied to it :p
no more gitolite after that?
the manhattan part of what?
ah, cool, so you want a template in the generator that is ready to go for a wikipedia project, is that it?
Sure, that should be easy enough to add, though I would probably ask someone else to create the actual project, I'm not very good with web design/tritium :p
I can add the template once it's made though :p
ah, great
Excellent, then yeah, I can add it to the generator.
Hey Jamie
er
@JamieGaskins
There we go
So currently we're sending our stats like this:
I see
So what you want it to look like should be
ok.
Hmm
so the token is byte data
do you want me to send that as a string?
Does json recognize byte data if I don't put something in quotes?
Ok, so I'll wrap it in quotes as well.
Hmm
will it be able to parse this:
Hmm
this is silly, I need to fix the way we send requests to apollo
it wants to send valid json, as the value of the stats, but needs to escape it :p
Yea...
It's because of the order of things in the sdk
I'll play around with it for a bit
Well, it's in two places, that's the problem.
We create an apollo request in one place, and pass it the body we want
What we pass in is already valid json
But we need to append to that the token as a json parameter.
Yeah, I'll just create a new code path for json requests :p
Yup, tha'ts what I'm gonna do =)
Success!
took some finangling
But looks like it works now
I didn't check, let me take a look
Yup, looks like an empty body
is it supposed to return something?
We currently don't really check the response other than the status for stats.
excellent
Yup, looks good to me.
(flutteryay)
Ok, the change is in
I assigned it to Sean to validate, but he might reassign it to you
But from my own validation, it looks like it's working fine now
Hey guys
version 209 of apollo
when we deploy, does it have sidekick?
Juan is the one asking :p
It's cool, Juan has started the deploy
good question
@JamieGaskins or @MatB, could you give us a small series of steps to sanity check that sidekiq is working fine?
Is that something that we have to change back?
Is there no way to trigger something int he web interface that uses sidekiq?
That seems rather complicated to verify if something is functioning (though good to know if we want to automate that).  What aspect in the web interface can we check in order to verify that sidekiq is working fine?
This is just as a sanity check once we deploy apollo, so it will be in production, yes.
what exactly is sidekiq?
what actions cause something to be added in the job queue?
So right now sidekiq isn't doing anything
ok
In that case, yea, there's no way to verify that it's working successfully on the web interface
For now, we'll just skip it from the sanity checks, since sidekiq not working is the same as if it were working for our intents and purposes.
oh?
ah, ok, excellent.
The stats stuff that I fixed today didn't depend on apollo, so that would be no different.
This would be the issues that were worked out last week.
I forget what they were
ouch
I created a new project in apollo
and tried cloning it locally
And I got this:
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/clonefail.txt
erm
cool, thanks Mat
Sorry, the link I sent is wrong
yeah, dropbox is not syncing :p
Hmm
dropbox must be super deprioritized if it's taking this long to sync a text file
ok
so I created a project in apollo
and the first time I cloned it locally
I got this
however, the second time, everything was fine
Basically, I now know all the repos
after my first clone.
Yup, happens on every new project
"in ops we trust"
: p
moov generate is fine, but that's probably because we hide the output of git clone
ha
Also, it says that hcatlin was the person who pushed my initial commit on generate
That seems rather silly, is that also known?
Should we even bother showing who pushed the commit in the apollo page if it's always going to be hampton then?
It's just confusin for the user.
Hmm, maybe it's just for generate
let me try a normal push
site analyzer seems to be working =D
hey guys
what's the api endpoint for registering a domain?
host_registration?
k
cool
The left panel could get cluttered very quickly, specially if you have a lot of projects
I hope it's collapsable
hai
Hey guys
The build scripts have been updated
to send apollo the hostnames
and the upstream hostnames
I tested locally and I was receiving it fine (running apollo locally)
Is Apollo in an OK state to test it in production?
I heard there were some issues.
That's a generator issue
haven't looked at that yet
I made a bunch of comments on the thread
of concerns and stuff
no one replied =(
The apollo code or the build box code?
Regardless, we currently don't have a staging environment for either =(
Well, I push/generate test projects all the time against prod
to see how things are going
But as soon as someone real pushes, they would get the same affect
it would be nice
If we had a staging environmnet
then you could tell apollo to send build box commands to that environment
when running locally
so we could test the full circle
I believe Ops is working on a full staging environment
but we don't have that right now
Yeah, and we still don't know all the moving parts ourselves, things are changing very quickly, so we probably won't have a staging environment until we know for sure what our prod environment looks like.
hey guys
hey guys
I pushed my project to prod
and it correctly registered my domains
^.^
(flutteryay)
yup
yep
@JamieGaskins regarding Hamptons secret commits, do we keep track of ssh_key to username information in apollo?
Not sure...just tossing ideas around =/
Could you search what user has this public key:
That bastard!
That's why :p
Hmmm, so how do we fix this?
Hmmm, not sure if that's possible...it's really far down the call stack...
sdk => apollo.generate => build scripts generate the project, commit, push => post_update script => build_scripts again perform a build
yeah, np
It is
yeah, use --recipe=mobile
in the sdk
to use a mobile template.
the sdk passes it to apollo
lol
I don't like template because it's not really a template, it's a legit working project.
it changed to --recipe to keep it consistent with the docs
I thought we discussed this?
Or rather, we asked you if you would prefer it being called recipe or template?
Maybe I imagined that conversation.
I do remember being rewarded with gold for my awesomeness that day.
lol
nah, the only consequence is that now we're calling it by three names :p
*calling the same thing by three names
Where do we call it "layout" by the way?
I know manhattan-generator calls it template
BUT
in manhattan-generator, the word "template" actually makes sense
because the stuff in there is really a template to create the recipe =D
er
layout
or wahtever we want to call it
@hcatlin list of valid recipes: base, mobile, mw
@MatB I talked to the hcat
and we wondered how hard it would be for site analyzer to return a pairwise list of domains, something like "hostvar.ping.com, www.ping.com, hostvar.ping.com, ping.com"
So that the generator creates the rules in the dumbest way possible, that way site analyzer decides which goes first between the www rules.
Should be live
@hcatlin new manhattan generator is live
Cool
Yes
No, we need site analyzer to figure out which one should go first
Yeah, so the project generator will just blindly add the rules int he order that site analyzer passes them
but site analyzer needs to figure out how the redirection takes place (if the site is redirecting from reddit.com -> www.reddit.com or www.reddit.com -> reddit.com) and put the rules in the correct order.
Do you think that's possible?
pfft
Then I want a pegasus!
(soawesome)
Excellent! Make sure you bring one when you come visit
I just want one, but to be fair, you might want to bring one for everyone in platform
hahah
omg
screw the pegasus, I want some irn-bru
But
but
it gets you through!
cool!
(soawesome)
If you die, I will drink irn-bru in your honor
hahahaha
oh man, this and powerthirst is all I want in life
For those of you who don't know powerthirst:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRuNxHqwazs
Also, @MatB whenever you get back and whenever hcat is not in a meeting, lets discuss the site analyzer and project generator together, I'm still not sure what the best way to do the www rule should be.
haha
also, @MichaelCatlin creating a project in apollo doesn't generate files
only "moov generate" will create files
yeah
hai
ruby question time!
what is the best way to turn an array into a hash, were item at index i maps to item at index i+1
Hmm, to make iterating over it easier?
no, no links
so i => i+1, i+2 => i+3, etc...
so there's no fancy one liner, eh?
True, but I would have to skip every other iteration (since it's not linked)
well, if we are going to have site analyzer return a pairwise list of domains, I need to break that up into a map in order to write the templates
so what I expect:
$.reddit.com,www.reddit.com,$.reddit.com,reddit.com
right
ooh, does that work?  that looks looks like it would work
lol
cool
So it does it automatically
lol, sorry for all the trouble guys
haha
Man, so many optinos
options
I'm here! what's up
oh, ok, good, then I won't do anything on my side either :p
As long as we're in sync, I think we're fine.
And with that, I'm gonna get some lunch :p
Give me your address, I'll send you some cookies
Or next time someone brings something to the office, I'll steal some and send it to you guys :p
I don't know, do you look like this? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhUFxaauNTE
I can send you a tortilla
Or like sending you a bunch of oreos without the cream :p
haha, alrighty, I'm bouncing for a bit, be back later.
waiting
ha
Yeah, I talked to Sean, I told him we should have a discussion, you, me, him and the hcat
oh yeah, hcat is not around, is he?
Hmmm
Ok, then just us then.
true that
and he can veto
once he gets back to civilization
haha
LUNCH TIME
User should not know that there is a difference between create/generate
+1
oh no, I hope your puppy is ok 0.0
Yes, please send pix of your puppy
pix or it didn't happen
yay
Make sure you give the user an option to use no recipe (blank project, just calls create, no generate).
Hmm, I don't think so.
Hmm, ok
D'AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
(content)
omg =3
Are dogs int he office allowed?
So kewl ^.^
If they're not allowed, we need to move to an office where they are.
After midnight?  Please, what am I? an old man?  I sleep at 2am the earliest :p
It's cool, just bring your puppy with you next week, and all will be forgiven =D
=(
It's cool, I can hide her in my attic
@hcatlin you there?
@MatB Would now be a good time to talk about site analyzer?
The "www" issue and the ordering, etc..
If @hcatlin comes around?
Hmmm, looks like hcat is gone =(
hrmrmrmrmr
We'll just have to wait till he gets online...so I guess most likely tomorrow, but if he gets online today, lets nab him!
@hcat!
what do you mean by loaded the full app?
oh no!
ah
crazy
>.>
we miss you
nooooooooooo
so
he mentioned that he wants to have site analyzer do the ordering
But the mapping is still kind of sketch /
What's the .net issue that he talked about?
Yeah, that would be along with the order
ick
that sounds scurry
hcat
so proposal
site analyzer sends a list of domains, in the order that we should create the rules
and generator just detects, if the domain starts with "www" to create a special rule for it.
sound reasonable?
I think having site analyzer send the pairwise domains is too much
unless we have more complicated issues to deal with other than the "www" exception
How can hcat join the room twice without leaving it 0.o
If there are other redirections, there shouldn't be a problem because the domain mappings will be one to one
The only reason the www redirection requires attention is because we want to map both www.stuff.com and stuff.com to m.stuff.com
snoot
Hmm
hcat must have a terrible connection.
how uncouth
so, this is what I imagein
imagine
ha
nice
so site analyzer figures out that stuff.com redirects to www.stuff.com
So when it sends the list to the generator, it sends www.stuff.com first
so
"www.stuff.com, stuff.com"
generator will add the rules to the config, in the order that the analyzer sends them.
Hmm, I don't think so
my bad :p
if there are no links in the starting domain that site analyzer could find that don't have the www, then we shouldn't worry about it.
Yeah, so it should be a special thing that site analyzer does (I imagine)
starting domain is "blah.com" or "www.blah.com"
Site analyzer does its thing
through its thing, it finds "blah.com" AND "www.blah.com"
only then does it check redirection rules
gah
rulez
>.<
sooo
if the starting domain is blah.com
and site analyzer does it's thing, and it gets "blah.com" "stuff.blah.com"
then it doesn't have to check any redirect rules
omg
I want to kill myself
..................
Anyways
but...it's so uncouth :p
so yeah, unless site analyzer ends up with both www.stuff.com and stuff.com after crawling the pages, it doesn't need to worry about the order.
If it does though, it should check.
and make the list in the correct order to prevent infinite redirection.
Yeah, I don't want it to be too complicated
not at this stage anyways.
yeah, I don't know what that is =/
or what he meant by that.
prolly
Site Analyzer might need to be its own thing maybe?
Perhaps a gem that apollo uses?
Hrmrmr, that's to think about in the future :p
for now, let's just keep doing what we're doing.
Yeah,
wow
fancy
We can probably build an API by running moovweb on top of them >.>
ahahha
That's awefully nice of them.
Hmmm
http://fredmastro.com/post/Some-websites-Ive-worked-on-or-developed-using-ASP-ASPNET-VBNET-AJAX-T-SQL.aspx
yeah!
Coupaws.Com
.net websites are very slow ;P
coupaws doesn't seem to be using .net anymore, php is their tang
lolsy
Are we sure that cookie means that they're on ASP.NET and it doesn't mean something else?
woot
fancy
even the www one?
so you want apollo to send the generator a list like "$.stuff.com, stuff.com, $.stuff.com, www.stuff.com"
ok
So I guess we'll do that then
rulez!
Ok
So site analyzer will return the pairwise list then....
Yeah, I guess that it's just not as clean.
Ok, in that case, we need to make sure that we coordinate the apollo push which will make this go live and the update to the generator
otherwise, current generating stuff will break.
Yeah, and I'll do the generator stuff on a branch too
Actually, the generator is currently deployed off of master >.>
But we should fix that.
Yes, I agree, that's why I like your solution better now :p
My assumptions have changed based on this conversation, so now the solution you proposed is indeed cleaner :p
yeah
one more thing:
should site analyzer return the domains with the dollar signs, or should the generator add that?
This goes with the assumption that all mappings will always have a prefix
the same prefix.
But it's possible that they might not?  If that's the case, I think site analyzer should return the dollar signs, and then the generator plugs them in blindly.
However, if we want to force the idea that every domain is prefixed, then it would be better to put that logic in the generator.
True
well
no
we need the dollar signs
because the host var could change
like
when they run locally, the hostvar is mlocal
when they push to apollo, the hostvar is whatever apollo has set
so the dollar sign needs to be there.
What are you scared of?
concerned? worried? terrified? enamored? silvafied? amalgamated?
:p
ok...well, I guess that's the plan then.
err
I guess I'm going to let site analyzer add the dollar signs?
That offers the most flexibility I guess.
I'm gonna get some coffee :p
True that.
The SDK does that right now when you call moov generate
it sends an API call to apollo to create the project
then sends the api call to generate it
so it's possilbe we end up with a failed generated project
yep yep
Yes, we should probably couple those and change the SDK to call the new API call
Right now the SDK has two make two calls to generate a project, one for create and one for generate
k
yes, we love the hcat
sounds good
@SeanJ how's it going?
I should really learn more tritium
I was trying to show my roomates our app
and I struggled to remove an object from the page :p
yeah, that would be fun
/me drank a lot of redbull and now needs to pee
@SeanJ How's it going?
Figured I'd poke every hour or so :p
Hmm, I'm looking at moov login right now
and realized
that the terminology is somewhat odd
We're saying that we're "logging in"
but what does that really mean?  What we're really doing is just uploading our public key to moov cloud.
/me is ranting about stupid stuff agian
Yeah, that happens automatically.
But that also happens on any command that talks to apollo
which is nearly all of them :p
I guess my main question is...
Should the log message say "Succesfully logged in to moovcloud" or "Successfully uploaded public key to moovcloud"?
Ok, well, for now I'm going to stick with the upload terminology since that's what's already there.
Whatever...I'm already almost done..
k
heh
its ok, i have plenty of shit to do to keep me busy :p
pfft, yeah
what am I? 80?
PARTY ALL NIGHT
unfortunately, I look like an old man (areyoukiddingme)
You can see a picture of my on my github avatar :p
I learned something cool today
And I'm feeling quite generous as I ate my fiber this morning
so I will share with you young whipper snappers
KAPOW: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2851915/rails-each-loop-insert-tag-every-6-items
yep
(freddie)
k
should be less, I'll have you verify once I do it.
You can time me!  I will bet you one point I can do it in less than 5 minutes!
so this is a full all out project, right? It's not gonna need any templating.
Like, it doesn't have to inherit from the base project or anything like that, right?
base template*
oh dude, this is an old project
doesn't even have Mixer.lock
crap
forgot deploy branch :p
right....man, recipe branch...you were right about 2am :p
ok, it's in manhattan-generator...adding it to nosaka now
k, should be live
try it out
k
oh
I just thought of something
Jamie is adding the recipe restrictions at some point
oh, sad
...what's wrong?
oh?
I used the recipe branch..Hmm
k
Hmmm....
Hrmrmrm...
that's a little disturbing...
oh
I know why
we only copy over files that are present in the root template
I think
I dunno, the recipe logic is complicated...
sadface
k
oh well
ok, removed
he
hey
of?
ugh
give me a sec
Yeah....I'll take a look.
got the same issue here
hmm
try agan
again*
looks like Z might've fixed it
Cause I certainly can't see anything wrong :p
yes...it does.
@ZhigangChen2 get in here!
yep, same here
nope
yep
He should know that
Probably why he's working late at night, to minimize issues.
k
there we go
Sean doesn't want us to mess with the build scripts anymore tonight
cause of the demo tomorrow
=/  What are you currently working on?
you, I thought that was mostly in place already?
k
what does purging mean?
in this scenario?
all of it?
ok, right
okie dokie lokie
btw
I'm gonna deploy a version of manhattan tonight
so that juan can push it to the build box
to fix some issues for compile
prolly version 58
er
53
stack trace issue
hmmm, there's no place I can check...but if I dig up my lighthouse tickets I can find out the latest version I asked juan to deploy..
Yes, it will happen later tomorrow after the demo since Juan is the only one that can do it also :p
k, night
@ZhigangChen2
I want to make a small change to the nosaka build scripts
Let me show you the diff
This is for the output of moov compile
-      puts "   | " + output.split("\n").join("\n   | ")\n+      puts "   | " + output.gsub(@tmp_dir, "~").split("\n").join("\n   | ")\n
Basically I'm taking all the output, and replacing the temp directory that we dumped the project in and replacing it with "~" before outputting it to the user
only the output of moov compile
the idea is that we don't want to reveal our directory structure
I tried locally, works here
actually there is something I wanted to ask
no
if there are errors
gosass and libsass will output directories and files
but
I want to escape @tmp_dir for regex
is there a ruby method for that that you know of?
if not, I will google
Right, for example, if tmp_dir has a "." in it, I want it to be interpreted as a "." and not as "any char"
cause gsub does regex replacement
maybe I should use a different function that just does string replacement...
lemme check
it's not relative path, but a directory could have a dot in it
I just wanna cover all my bases
yeah, that's what I want to do
ah, nevermind, I didn't know the gsub function was overloaded
so if I pass it a string, it does a string replacement
so we should be good
so I'm ok to submit then?
or did you want me to wait?
yeah, i took a quick read at the docs
k
yay, it's working
well, the path thing is, I get a nasty edgecast error =/
k, sounds good.
sleep time
g'night
hey @MatB :)
how does the argument list look like now?
Excellent
Ok, so these changes will go on the next apollo push?
er, apollo deploy*
test cases to write?
cool!
does reddit.com and www.reddit.com give you the correct order?
that's the only one I know :p
also, is this line supposed to be !empty?
cool, I believe that's right
wait
It should return $.reddit.com,www.reddit.com
The order of the rules is correct
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
The order of the rulez is correct.
But hcat wants to strip out the www on the proxy side
Because he said it looks ugly.
so at the end, just do a final pass on the proxy-domains and if the prefix is "$.www." then replace that with just "$."
no worries :p
Excellent
ah, ok, cool
wait
what happens if the base_domain is reddit.com, but there's no links to reddit.com on that page
Is reddit.com added as a rule anyways?
Excellent
yeah, then we should be good
yeah, cool
Excellent
Alrighty, we should be good now.
yep yep
alrighty
when is the next apollo deploy?
haha
how did the .NET stuff go?
ew, relativepaths?  bastards
=(
Hmm, the ordering is not necessarily sorted
The order is dependent on the redirection rules of the website.
...............
It's ok, when this happens, I just hold my gopher plushy.
I had to buy my own :p  http://www.squishable.com/pc/gopher_understudy/fp_understudies/Go+Gopher+Understudy
sorry
back here
what does PR stand for?
was lunchin
dear god
freakin birds
I swear, I've never seen more aggressive birds than in San Francisco
I see
:p
He's a flaker
@MatB project upgrade does not automatically call apollo yet
yep
coolish
thankee
target?
oh
Hmmm
good point, I don't know, this would be something @SeanJ should decide (regarding the timeline)
The deadline for 4.0 is technically today
so I doubt it :p
This would require changes to the sdk
Yeah, that's a good to have
integration with SDK will be a separate issue.
okie dokes
monday!
(flutteryay)
'night
He comandeered my space!
But it's ok, cause he brought irn bru
dude
you need to buy it
and then we'll have a webchat irn bru toast
qqq
@JamieGaskins thanks, I was worried :p
coo
@hcatlin the link above also shows that it seems apollo is missing a file
something to do with jquery
or is at least looking for it.
ActionController::RoutingError (No route matches [GET] "/assets/jquery-ui-1.8.20.custom.css"):#012 vendor/bundle/ruby/1.9.1/gems/actionpack-3.2.6/lib/action_dispatch/middleware/debug_exceptions.rb:21:in `call'#012 vendor/bundle/ruby/1.9.1/gems/actionpack-
what
2rB5b0lD1f2QIHH1v9XF6z7lnnWhU5l5JSvWtx3z9jbQOWv5QPNBngp8vTacwBBvMVRflMQ8LjXDrI1Px9M1Ryz4pd8RMMjWnu19
Hmm
Hmm
the path is
and the params are
token=stuff&manhattan_version=4.0.56
POST reques6t
Hmmm
....
it's working fine now...
......
git pushing a project is fine now.
don't know, can no longer replicate.
But the logic is:  send apollo a key, if the return http status is greater than or equal to 300, prompt for login credentials
looks like that was happening
at least for a short period of time
no longer though
maybe it just takes time for the db to migrate?
hrmrmrmr
that's weird...
@hcatlin would know
but I believe it's super old
candle sticks are for wimps
with a SPOON
I'm gonna order some for the office.
is it any good?
scared? From what?
the blurred out kilts?
I'm sure you can pass off as scottish if you tried.
just walk in with a kilt
and you're good
Mat will take care of ya =D
will do
sadface
it doesn't look like that fixed it...
which is odd...............................
.............
......
gah
thankee!
Hmml
let me see the issue, one sec
Right, the auth token is not included?
Oh, it should be in there
I think the param is "token"
If you look at the example sean put there
there's a param for "token"
which has the user auth token
Maybe you guys are checking for an "auth_token" param
I know we use token in some places
and auth_token in others..
oh
i see
let me check how we determine that.
yeah, the proxy running locally on some random dude's computer
@hcatlin the project name is determined by the project's directory name
Do you want me to remove it?  I'd rather keep the stats clean with only info we use/is relevant.
....should I pop in?
okie dokes
Birthday club?
(awyeah)
wait, what?
+9
=(
FINE, I'll start my own birthday club
for people NOT born on Hamptivus
....they can still join non-hamptivus, they just need my approval : P
ew
B&B by itself
delicious
B&B with siracha is blasphemous.
oh snap
if I knew that
I would've sent you a bottle of patron
with your moustache
What's....time tams?
don't insult the food of your people!
Well then....
gravel? You don't say.
Whenever someone tells me something is an acquired taste, I feel like it's just making up excuses for why something tastes terrible : p
It's ok if you want to eat it even if it tastes terrible, I'm not going to though : p
I heard penguins are vicious
You try to hug a penguin? Say bye to your eyes.
HA
Nothing better than some TimTams and IRN BRU
w00t!
(soawesome)
Do you like your fingerstache?
Postcard is courtesy of @JajaB
Yeah, had we known it was your birthday, we would've sent you something better :p
coconut water is delicioius
(boom)
Hmm, I wonder how the post office would feel by delivering a soggy kangaroo meaty package :p
sounds delicious
moscato and kangaroo meat
maybe even a spot of tea afterwards
(lunagasp)
oh man
company trip to Australia!
same
This is the high life, gentlemen (indeed)
speaking of matt and fancyness, here's a pic of matt monocled!
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/9921601/moovweb/matt-monocle.jpg
The class, it's overwhelming.
Hmmm
testing sub stuff
s/sub/PONY
hai
>.>
I dun know nothin
/me knows nothin'
who said that?!
hmm
I run a local dev db >.>
what do I need to read?
Jamie, you're not part of the platform room, so you missed drag fridays
Here's the linky
https: //dl.dropbox.com/s/6xy88tdntjeegn3/2012-09-07%2013.16.29.jpg?dl=1
(sotrue)
Thank you good sir (indeed)
I'm verify on linux now
I has no mac with me
Oh man
@JamieGaskins just wants another fingerstache : p
(awyeah)
( awyeah )
sans spaces
@SeanJ Linux looks good
build?
that's a scary word
Looks like Aaron already tested it on the mac
so no worries
sorry, no fingerstache today =(
(truestory)
lol
It's like a trading game though, so you'll have to give the staches back in exchange for the wig : p
I didn't know we had a scary clown wig?
Why are these things hidden from me?!?
(sadtroll)
hahahahahaha
(content)
ha
g'night dude
heh
Guys, you need to dress up and take pictures
so that I can add them to the album
go!
@hcatlin I still need your fancy pics
Yep, the last picture with me and Shane is really good, we look quite dapper.
yeah, it is everyone favorite :p
oh man, wish we had wine in here
and a moustache like that.
no one wore their fedora for fedora mondays except me and Jose =(
I would very much like that.
yep, custom hookness
Hmmm
I feel like making the build box do a git push is too fragile.  A git push from the buildbox goes buildbox -> git server -> buildbox and then back.  I would if there's a way we can push the code to the git server but tell it to skip the build box script, and just run the build box script serially on the buildbox.  So like, buildbox -> git server, then buildbox -> run build script.
Then we can use the same technique for generate and this hook.
It might make it more robust, or maybe not..
yeah, only skip the hook if the request is coming from the build box.
We should be able to do that I think...
Just check if the user is "deploy"?
and if so, skip?
Yeah, I'm looking into trying to pass a message
I know we have the user available for sure
so that's a last resort...message might be difficult though
doesn't look like we can send any messages to the git server on the git push unfortunately =(
We might have to rely on the git user
@all apollo deployed 1.0.236
@hcatlin should be in
Please test it out and let me know if things look good
I am good at mailing things!
Oooh, tim tams, I'm excited ^.^
@MatB You haz the access!
cool
@SeanJ was actually the one who did it :p
also, check it out:  http://pingpong.hazasite.com  <--- my terrible rails skills :p
oh, it should be hard coded to production
it's mostly for testing
if i want to test locally
I can pass in development
and in the code, I could fork for things like that
I think right now it doesn't matter
but it's just a pattern we're following.
@MatB no, the shell script hard codes it to production
you don't have to worry about the environment :p
yeah
Yup, np
Looks good to me
'night man
take it easy.
yoyoyo
margarita mondays ;)
hahaha
Yeah, because Chris and Juan were super helpful when I borked jenkins on Friday, I asked them to chose the monday theme, so they chose margarita monday :p
/me shudders
=(
If you only have one account, it doesn't display the accounts menu
so you have no links to go to it.
right
oh
pugme@mailinator.com
If you're gonna block them, we should really do a more thorough search of mail spoofers, cause there's a ton of them.
ah, ok
Not sure if this bug was fixed, but can you still remove yourself from your own account?
Because if you can, then the fix might crash if I accidentally remove myself from my own account =/
since you're only checking if accounts == 1 { stuff } else { stuff }
But if I can't remove myself, then we're good :P
@hcatlin said that if that's the case, the menu will just not show up, which is fine
@hcatlin apollo is deployed, looks like it's fixed
We could also add a command like
moov whoami
just auths with apollo, apollo gives us the username back
and we spit that out to the user.
fun...well, that message comes from apollo
SDK doesn't know which user is using it
so we just spit out the error we get from apollo.
Yeah, probably good to mention both the user and the account
oh...we don't have a "blank" recipe
Unless apollo is doing some magic in the backend, you can't create a blank project via the command line yet.
I would just generate a base project and then just wipe it out and use git push -f
Easiest way would be to add a recipe for it I guess
Should I create an issue to add a blank recipe?
I'll just make the issue :p
that's weird
weird...
I did a moov login, and it still won't let me clone >.<
even though the ssh key is on apollo
Does it take a while for an ssh key to propogate?
ouch, on what project?
?
oh, there you...though the error message could be nicer.
made an issue for it
@MatB what are the concerns with the github issue I filed
that would be different compared to what we currently have?
Hmm
well
the other thing we could do
is on moov login, always give the user an option to generate a new key
regardless of whether you have some in the system already.
right
but you'll remember that very quickly once you try to push to a project and it gives you access denied.
I vote for scroll
but I also lack design sense
more of a reason why you should not listen to me :p
but that's because the projects page is only projecs
the project home page has so much more in it, the hosts are a small part of it.
seems silly to paginate that page because of it
ah, yeah, in that case, pagination would be fine.
heh
/me heard his name
You only have to mention my name once ;)
also, technically, I'm on call this week :p
So....I'm writing a new command in the moov sdk to duplicate a project? Is that it?
Hmmm, why would it need to be buildbox related?  It's just a series of git commands, is it not?
1) generate new blank project (after we add the blank template)
oh man, so many conversations taking place.
I will resign my conversation for later :p
lol
Well, regardless, I'm happy to talk about the duplicate project thing later.  We know it needs to get done, so the rest is implementation details
I'll make one in the manhattan repo + the apollo repo
*I'll make one for proj duplication
Created
Noo
that's the best part =(
I kinda like tuesday
but yeah, I'm le sad
@hcatlin please send out a new form with a random question, plzkthnx
Please, use the proxy version:  noj.com.moovapp.com
sorry guys, was out for lunch
What's the status of this?
Hmm
weird
let me try and repro
hmm
Hmmm
yeah, just trying it out
how do I delete a project?
I don't see a delete button anywhere =/
oh, IL see
I see*
have to look at the list view
list view of all projects
I was looking at the project's page
ew
we're spitting out paths:
That's pretty bad
oh man
this is messed up
check it
I can create an empty repo in any account
simply by trying to clone it.
What's your account name?
k
Now try to generate using moov generate fluttershy
yeah
I created the empty repo "fluttershy" under your account
either the sdk or apollo, either one.
k, try to clone it, see if it's empty
hmmm, weird
regardless, I'll make a github issue about the output, we should not be showing the directory paths of our repos
Right
Hmm
well
moov generate seems to fail
so when you do a git clone
it's actually trying to clone nothing (i think)
let me try again, this is weird...
yeah
well, also to just be able to do the project duplicate thing
huh?
Hmm, perhaps I was too eager in adding this.  My intention with this was to generate an empty repo, so that we can just add all the files we need and do a git push
well, two cases:  1) I assume apollo uses that list to block off any non-valid templates when calling generate, since the sdk is gonna call generate with the empty template, I wanted to make sure apollo allowed it.
2) I figured we'd want to make it an option in apollo as well, to create an empty repo, for whatever reason, maybe this is wrong.
sure
Hampton said he wanted the command to be something like
moov project create new/project
ah
on the apollo side, I don't think you have to worry about anything
I would just use generate and git commands on the client side
in client side I would do a generate empty into a tmp directory
copy files of current working three into temp directory
and git push
actually
might not even need to do that
we'd just call a generate with empty to create the repo
then in the current directory do a git push to the new remote url
no worries
I was eating :p
also
check it out:  I transfered the emo.hazasite.com into moovweb =D
yep, my first tritium endeavor :p
yeah, I changed it to CNAME emo.hazasite.com.moovapp.com
g'night
hopefully there will be more unicorns tomorrow
apollo question!
Is there an api call to get the hosts for a project?
or at least the hostvar?
actually, I know how to get the hostvar
but is there a way to get the host list? :p
actually, only way to get the host var is via build_register
so...is there an api call that will get me the url that I can hit a project with?
no one in apollo room =(
yes
would be for both
but it would be nice if the call to generate returns the hostnames
so in the SDK, when the user runs generate
we could finish the call with
"Now go here to see your project live!"
and on the testing side, when we do monitoring checks on generate, we need a way to know what url to hit.
yeah, new field in json, should'n't break anything
I was wondering
if it woudl be better to return a list of all the domains
or just one
not sure which would be better
I guess for both of my use cases
one is enough
I don't care about the moovapp thing
we can add that ourselves
or you can add it in apollo
doesn't matter to me.
yeah
that's the essential part
since I don't know the hostvar, I don't know where to go
Remember that generate stress test script you wrote when you were here?
I turned that into a wicket test for ops monitoring
oh, how come?
that's fine, this would be after generate happens, no?
heh :P
:(
yep
but then the generator calls git push
and the build script runs
and the build script calls hostnames_register
which gives you the full hostnames =D
yep
yay =D
=/
yeah, looks like making project create+generate transactional caused a lot of errors
Yes, indeed (troll)
cool
Looks neat!
and?!
....gee, way to leave us in suspense, hcat.
you pulling him in?
ha
Not end to end
oooh!
That would be so awesome!
merge it merge it merge it merge it merge it!
oh, i see
oooh
wait a minute
this is not good.
oh, that would be better.
the problem is
that the call to generate
is gonna return a lot faster
right now
when you ssh the command to generate in the build box
it takes forever because it's doing the entire git push
but we're changing that
Yeah, we're going to do the push async
or rather
no tthe push
we're going to do the build script async
so when we push
the data is there, but we'll fire off the build script async, so the push returns immediately
so apollo returns a lot faster
but the hostnames won't be registered yet
yeah.
Hmm
Maybe @hcatlin has a better idea?
Like, making the result of the site analyzer an argument to generate?
@all did anything change with the ssh key deploy method in apollo?
I deleted all my keys, uploaded a new one, and now I can't do any git operations
yep :p
Yeah, the code for moov login is all done, there's no rush on the borrowing, so no worries.
it just has to work before we release 4.1.xx
sweetness
I guess we won't get a response from hcat about the hostnames stuff during generate
nope, everything succeeds
you mean you merged to master?
oh, the new changes?
cool, so this doesn't have to check the db
excellent, then we should be fine.
It's a little messy, yeah
but it's probably the only way we can get it to work reliably.
Hmm
yeah
definitely want to get hcat's input before merging that one
we definitely can't go to the db, cause that might just plain not work.
yeah
He should be back tomorrow
You should write a comment in the pull request, saying you fixed the db issue but now we have the logic in two places
excellent
we usually just grab stuff from jenkins
Hmmm, I wouldn't mind that, but since all developers have a access to jenkins, I don't think it would be worth it.
or are we considering also developers outside of moovweb?
Hmm, I guess my concerns would be that if we do that, then we might flood our S3 bucket with a ton of moovweb versions that we might not be using.
I feel for now, it's probably better to just tell people to grab it from jenkins, unless for some reason we need to extend the dev versions to people we don't want to give jenkins access to.
You should run it by hcat though, he'll have a better idea on it being worth it or not.
true that
yeah, that's what I did for emo.hazasite.com
it's just a CNAME to emo.hazasite.com.moovapp.com
I think right now we can do that
but in the future, we're gonna prevent that from happening.
unless you pay us the big moneys
we could do it at several levels
we could do it at the slug level
or nginx level
or varnish level
pretty much
no, more like
404 or something like that
generic 404 I would say
or maybe a moovweb page saying
this domain is not linked to any project
I think so
actually, I'd like to talk to hcat about that too
heroku does it very nicely
they're like
here's your normal domain
if you want a custom one, just cname it, but it won't work unless you enter it in our settings page
We should do something like that
so if you just cname it, it doesn't work
until you enter it in our settings page
and the settings page is protected
also
I was thinking about the return value of the generate api call
and I figured
perhaps the easiest and cleanest thing to do
is just to return the hostvar
rather than the urls or anything like that
hostvar is the only piece of the puzzle that the sdk doesn't know
hm?
well, the sdk knows what the domains are from the config.json file
it just needs the hostvar
and apollo is the only one that knows it.
hcat is talking to some QA people right now =(
maybe we can discuss that later.
yeah, zhifeng sent an email about that
@hcatlin 4.0.110 is deployed, BUT it does not have the latest libsass changes (I noticed).  So I'm kicking off another build with the latest libsass updates....but that's gonna take longer.
Also, did you read zhifeng's email?  Looks like he wants to invite someone, but I thought we were getting rid of the invites?
k
no worries, If you're only coming in for today, makes sense you'd be booked like crazy :p
@hcatlin 4.0.111 is deployed
Should I tell Sean to preview release it?
@all so the invites tab in the account page is still 500ing, I thought this was supposed to be fixed?
last successfull apollo build was 6 days ago
Should we kick off another one?
k, kicking one off
New version will be 242
ooh
fyi @all apollo build 242 is done building
hmmm
Hmm
Seems like you're duplicating all attributes too
Is there a reason why we can't just do a normal project-create call, and then just do a git push to that new project?
:p
getting lunch now
but yeah, let's talk about it when I get back
ok
back
so yeah
why can't we just do a create api call and then just push to the new project from the old project?
to get foods :p
oh, no
new place
cuban sandwhiches, pretty good, kinda spicy for my taste
heh
why do we need the ability to duplicate a project in apollo?
Hmm, that's the thing though, I don't think we need a hook in the sdk :p
I think we can duplicate projects from the sdk with the current hooks we have in place
generate! bit?
right right
sure :p
the way it would work would be
clone the old repo
add a new remote pointing to the new repo
git push -f new-remote master
that's pretty much it.
yeah, build box is fine for that.
or rather, it seems to be the pattern we've created :p
Yeah, I could add a script in the build box to do that, sure
for the sdk, my plan was going to be this:
not generate.
just create
Basically this is what I pictures:  We do a create api call to apollo, and then we do the same steps that I described regarding the git stuff.
Hmm
yeah...
I was about to mention that...we're duplicating a lot of these checks.
hmm
heh
so I can make the script in the build box
Yeah, I can just call it that
Hmmm, probably, clone makes me think of git clone :p
It's so much more ;p
ha, yep
haha
The source of truth:  http://mlp.wikia.com
I don't think so =/
Redoing 340 to just return the hostvar seems like the safest thing
so lets do that
Probably best to deploy apollo on monday though
cool
sweet
Yea....doing that in the build box right now actually >.>
mat, qq
the hook you set up for proj duplication already creates the project in the db before it calls the bb, right?
so I dont' have to make any apollo calls.
k, cool
excellent
yup yup
w00ts
okie dokes
dup build box hook is finished, tested, works fine.
should be good to go
sweetness
did it work?!?!?1
coo
hey guys, do we have an api handle that returns all the currently deployed mixers and their versions?
ah, ok, cool
oh
I dunno what that is
@NaseemMakiya do you know what the spec repo is?
sorry, just caught up with the convo.
wanted to make a few points, then I'll be on my way:
1) upstream hosts are already being reported to apollo from the buildbox
2) if we want to be like heroku, we could add a new command to the SDK, like, moov open that opens a browser to your public facing app.
ok, I'm done :p
I know how to do it in windows already (opening the default browser to a url)
does /usr/bin/open use the default browser?
my ubuntu box doesn't have that =(
it has /bin/open
but that's to open files
I'm sure there's a way
interesting, I'll take peak.
=(
is the problem fixed now?
maybes I can halps?
we're all going through that :p
tritium is not too bad
css is my pain point =(
Getting some sudafed?
You should drop by Costco, they sell it by the pounds ;)
/me never runs out of crack
=( do you guys have any wholesale stores there?
They're gonna charge you out the wazzooo for probably-not-so-good crack.
Make sure you make one of the clerks try it out in front of you, if they refuse, it's no good ;)
Excellent, so prouds (soawesome)
byes
hey @MatB can you hit the site analyzer api?
I keep getting this error:
I sure hope not, lemme try generating.
nope
generation works
fine
weird, just an API issue....
should I file a bug in apollo?
where does squid come into play?
>.>
jaja figured it out
yep
mooweb just sounds better :p
yeah, I had a typo
I'm le embarrased
I say we buy mooweb
I also starting typing moov when I want to type move and other "mo" starting words :p
true dat
coo
>.>
not cool at all
woot
Neat, I have a lot of projects taht I've been meaning to delete, but haven't yet cause I feared the unstable >.>
where would that button go?
if the project is deleted, no project page?
oh
but someone has to "kill" it?
yes, it should
I guess I just dont' understand the different between your delete button and the kill button though
oooooooooooooooh
ok
admin override
gots it
I see
interesting, lots of terminology with similar semantics
soon!
byes
cool
You missed le funs
so sads
when is the next time you're coming to visit?
visit/moving here
So you won't be able to make it for the winter party?
Are we having a winter party btw? >.>
=(
well, I'm le sad
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/25993533.jpg
wb!
what?  why?
it's not daylight savings yet
is it?
I thought dst was a global thing
how cute
UTC is military style
wik wik
Shouldn't that but CUT time
UTC = Universal Time Committee
you mean lose-lose
:p
Yeah, that should be tweeted
It'll also drive traffic to moovweb :p
actually
maybe wait to tweet it once our site looks better :p
:p
me? please, I don't touch apollo, no pressure for you :p
Here in america, we need them to be a little older :p
heh
that would be neat
guys
brilliant idea for pumpkin decorating:
carve a box in the pumpkin
stick ipad inside
facetime with mat
Matpumpkin!
i like it!
NICE
pics or it didn't happen
omg
le cutes
it overpowers me
cutes OP
hey @MatB These graphs, are they going in for launch in November 12?
cool, thanks
cool
I have a soft spot for API
except spaghetti APIs, those are nasty
unless they come with meatballs
Yeah, how hard do you think it would be to make it?  I'd say, anytime before the end of next week would be nice, but if that's not possible, it's not the end of the world.
I don't have access to that project =(
wait
I do have access
but I couldn't see the graphs =/
ah
=(
@jaja holds all the power
It's ok, I can see graphs in noopy :p
right
Hmm
I'll write something up and post it on the issue.
yeah, that works too
I'm happy with that as well
true that
though
we just have to make sure we don't ever register a product called "register" :p
so
whenever we make changes to tritium
we need to make sure that we didn't break the mixers
and by mixers, I mean *any* mixer that we potentially released
cause it's possible that someone is using it, regardless how old
so we have a jenkins job that goes through all the versions of simple-mobile and omni-mobile and runs tests against them with the latest tritium changes.
But right now the version numbers are hardcoded
so at the beginning of the job, we'd call out to the API asking which versions we need to check.
yup
True
I figured we'd add it to the sdk cause the versions module is already there, but if you have a better idea, I'm game.
We'd be hitting the apollo-vc01-int server directly
ah, ok
then I guess...you'll want a jenkins api?
yeah, this won't have an auth token
internal api
yeah
yeah
sweet
cool, then we might want to migrate some things, like registering versions and stuff over to the internal one.
True
What does the girl_friday gem do?
I hope it's not a reference to rebecca black...
coo
le
@hcatlin do you want me to add the 50MB restriction for assets right now?
well, it's an apollo change
(also adding the max slug size)
but yea, they're basically the same change :p
yeah, it would have to be, otherwise it doesn't make much sense :p
hey @MatB I'm having some trouble getting the validation to work....does the build_update call for the nosaka_controller skip validations for the build model?
nevermind, I was doing it wrong :p
OR AM I?!?!?!?!
noj sounds good to me
more things named after me, the better
noj
host map security checks PR will be in by today probably
Yeah, no worries, I'll get the security checks in.
hostmap security checks no longer going in apollo.  Good thing too, cause I was looking at the code for it, and it was terrifying em :p
me *
not so much terrifying
but more like "oh my god, I don't know any of this rails stuff"
you're using a lot of rails helpers which I've never heard of/don't know what they do :p
ha
oh man
learned so much about hcat today
I will keep that in mind :p
ooh
+1 on flying Matt to SF
Bring your puppy this time! :p
and more irn bru >.>
(goodnighteverybody)
oh
I guess that's not an icon yet
well
the point is to test on previously released mixers
yeah, what Sean is saying :p
And we could be balls deep
So yeah, good place to be is just to test mixers we've released in apollo
nah
(at least that's the model me and Matt talked about, our vision, if you will)
"I AM HCAT AND I APPROVE THIS MESSAGE"
by the way
Michael's new name is MiLCAT
oh, yeah
could be
sounds good to me!
THE POSSIBILITIES ARE ENDLESS!
Hmmm, @hcatlin do you have any siblings whose names start with the letter L?
Someone is gonna have to change their name to something starting with "lol"
http://www.babynamespedia.com/start/f/lol
http://www.babynamespedia.com/start/m/lol
DaCAT is pretty cool too
She will be the true LolCAT
What, what's your cat's name right now?
KalCAT
meh
KaLCAT
Hmmm
nah
[KC]AT
[KC]{1}AT
the spec was redone, matt provided a better spec
though I don't remember what it was, or where he provided it.
Hmm
what's the very first one?
Yeah, no, that looks fine
sounsd good to me
wait
what's /versions?
how come that only returns a single entry?
so
nah, that's ok
just want to make sure what each one is
so
/versions/omni-mobile -> sends info on entries where product=omni-mobile
/versions -> sends all info on all products
lol
no worries
this sounds good
I'm noj, and I OK this message
I love go servers ;p
top secret project
>.>
<.<
On a boat!
(is where I've been)
a about without internet access =(
or phone =(
guys
so many
email
/me dies
180+ emails *after* they went through my filters...
Never going on vacation again.
http://nooooooooooooooo.com/
@hcatlin @MatB I made an apollo pull request =D
^^
@MatB don't know about the template being visible in apollo, will ask Sean
@MatB I talked to hcat and he said it's OK to show simple in apollo
Hmm
lemme catch up on the convo, one sec
Hmm, that's something @JajaB would know
what box are you running the moov_git_keys script in?
We should be able to look at the logs for it.
Hmm, ok
Did anything chagne in that part of the code?
the one that calls moov_git_keys?
jaja ran the script manually, and he said it worked fine
you mean '/usr/bin/moov_git_keys' right?
Hmm
is the error reproduceable?
what are the steps?
ok, lemme try
right, lets see
Hmm
worked fine in sdk
delete key from apollo
then just run "moov login"
and follow the steps (if any)
Hmmm
I tried through the web UI and it worked too
so this looks like it was a one-off thing?
Hmm?
=(  what happened?
oh, ok, yeah : p
sweet
Hmmm, that's weird, I saw something like that earlier too, one sec
Hmm, yeah, looks like it doesn't know about it
or maybe you called CREATE without GENERATE?
oh
you did "git push origin nytimes"
nytimes is not a branch?
should be git push origin master
is his key in apollo?
if not, he should retry "moov login"
then try pushing
/MatB needs to be less vulgar towards himself : p
supafastyperextreme!
if that is successfull, he should be able to push
cool
or not cool, because it means its inconsistent
but cool that it's working
Hmmm, I didn't see any errors in logstash
can apollo read the stderr/stdout of the command and log it?
Hmmm, I would just change those log lines to log in error level
fatal sounds like death
sounds cool
sorry matt, we got intervened in a meeting
the output looks good, he should be able to push, not sure why he can't =(
woo woo!
oh
cool
also
does apollo handle the redis logging as well?
or is that redis itself?
sadface
the apollo logs are cluttered with "redist start" messages
yeah
I see so many "redis start" and "redis done" log lines....it literary takes over the apollo logs.
my hero!
Whenever I need you to do anything, I will call thee with this song!
Ooh, excellent
excellent!
^.^
yay
@SeanJ can you look at the pull request?  Is that enough?
sounds good
oh?  I thought moovweb-platform was just for our monitoring checks
Hmm
in that case, I'm gonna add some changes to clean things up a bit :p
hey @MatB is there an api call I can hit to delete a project from apollo?
Hmmm, ok.  It's not that important, I'll make an issue for it, but it doesn't have to be done for a while.
The only reason why I would need it right now is for our monitoring checks
We have a monitoring check that generates a project
I also wanted to delete the project after generating it
yeah, but it's no biggie
we only run the check once a day
cool, thanks
I guess it could be under the SDK api
since proj generation is there as well.
eto eto eto
eh eh, under my marketo
you should be able to find out by checking the config/routes.rb file
it should be in there, otherwise it wouldn't work.
"nosaka" is a reference to nosaka_controller via rails magic
match 'nosaka/:action' => "nosaka" says, map paths starting with nosaka to methods in the nosaka_controller class
right
I can start on the SDK side today
and I'll lay out the assumptions I make on the issue so that make has something to work on
i'm here!
sorry, chrome + linux + hipchat were being late
lame
I agree, chats are required
perhaps over a spot of tea
and crumpets
hey
Hmmm
where is this going to be used?
is it public?
oh
so people will have a js tag like
oh, nosaka?
ah, yeah
so it's not sdk
but it's public
so it has the same permissions as the sdk I guess
well, no, I guess sdk needs an auth_token
but this wouldn't need an auth_token
Yeah, that's what I was thinking
Yeah, I think that's fine.
Yeah, that sounds good to me
api::sdk could also be a subset of api:public (if we want to get that fancy)
or should we keep it separate?
true
yup
also, @MatB lemme know when you wanna talk about the min/max mixer versions thing
yeah, no worries
I'll be stepping out for lunch to fix a laptop I broke =x
but should be back in an hour (I hope)
I replied
woo
ah, yeah
I remember now
that's gonna be funkyu
funky
funky lookin
Should we consider splitting the table?
Specially since mixers might get more complicated in the future?
alrighty, sounds good
yeah
it should always be that.
yup
hrmrmrm
Not sure, probably something to ask Hampton/Sean about...it really depends on what they're envisioning.
yeah, SDK connections go directly to apollo
my bad, I think I made the example link wrong
fo shizzle
says manojizzle
snoop dog reference
er
snoop lion
back when he was snoop dogg
fo sho
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=fo+shizzle
http://snooplion.com/
oh
question
is there a function in ruby
like
stip
strip
only, instead of whitespace, I can supply it a token
lame, I needs it in le rubyland
yeah, but that's whitespace only =(
was hoping not to use gsub, but gsub it is
in general, what's better practice, using mutators or non-mutators?
like, if I wouldn't mind using either, which one should I opt for?
Hmm
True
Yeah, I've been opting for that right now unless I need a reason to use bang
nice
time to celebrate up in this hizzle
Hmm
lemme check
ugh
Unfortunately they SDK use the authorise call for a bunch of different purposes
And each purpose looks like it has its own set of parameters it sends
Let me create a diagram or something...
Looks like there are three purposes
1. Normal auth
2. Fetching the url for the latest mixer
3. Fetching the version of the latest mixer
Sorry
number 2 is wrong
2 is actually, Fetching URL for a given mixer name and version
overloaded api paths make me sad =(
As far as I can tell, yes, that should be good
It is ='(
constraining to sdk_version should be good enough for now.
I'd like to have a mixer_api that the new SDK would use, but we still have to keep that older stuff for legacy purposes.
then again, 4.0 is already broken
so maybe we can just add this new functionality on the mixer-api right away
but we we should talk to sean about it prolly =(
Yeah...and hopefully one day we can just deprecate older versions and just move on
yeah
Yeah
For the new call
definitely make a new controller for that
but the other stuff might have to stay in authorize for a bit....
Sean is in a meeting right now, but we can talk when he's done...hopefully he doesn't have a meeting
after
yeah
sadface
I wanna push for 4.1
I feel like this problem just gets worse the more we wait
I brought this up in 4.0
and was told to wait for 4.1 cause 4.0 was in QA stages then...
=(
=(
yay Doug!  You must voice the concerns of your people!
Yeah, back a few months ago I feel like you and Jamie just had a ton of things to do with little context =/
Clearly, you just need to move here.
Yup (^.^)
cool! =D
yeah, should be fine.
Yep, I agree.
Should we make a github issue for it?  So that we don't forget?
Yeah, so one of the calls to authorise
sends manhattan_version
that one has alway been there, so we should see it all the way back if people are using 3.5
3.5+
so that's the best one to track
Not for the mixer one
that's a different call
for the next_mixer one, we're sending it as "sdk_version" -.-
Yeah, it was a slippery slope....gah, I complained about this a while back and hcat said it was ok...granted this was when we overloaded 2 calls to one action
I don't remember when we tacked on the third one.
a very sloppy one
sounds good
g'night
yeah, sup?
That's fine.
Sure, we'd have to give a fake restriction to a mixer and see if we get that showing through.
Sounds good to me
yeah
Sure, if we deploy with the fix, I can verify
when's the next deploy?
actually
I could verify by running apollo locally
Let's do this
I'll verify by running apollo locally, and lets hold on to the merge until #2 is done
Just lemme know what branch the fix is in and I'll test it locally
k, lemme play with it
prolly will use admin panel, cause I don't know how to use rails console :p
hmm
when it redirects me to the dashboard after I login, I get an error
undefined method 'strftime' for nil:NilClass
sadface
yeah...just wondering if that's normal =p
ok
I added some fake min/max things, lemme run the sdk and see what I get
yup
sorry, got bombarded with some other urgent issues...will get back to this in a se
sec*
hey @MatB it doesn't seem to work if a mixer doesn't have a max sdk version
I have a mixer with a min sdk version, but no max
Hmm, this is what i figured
If the mixer doesn't have a max of 4.0, but no min, then it works for 4.0 and anything less, the same goes for the opposite
not max, then it works for the min version + anything over it
I think it's important.
Otherwise, we'd have to update the version on the mixers everytime we release a new SDK
nil - nil => works with evertying
yes
well, the maximum versioned mixer between all three of them
yeah
Hmm, yeah, I would rather not automate that process since it's a very manual thing to begin with
restrictions to mixers will be very few
right, I think what you mentioned before was fine:
nil - nil => returns all
X.X.X - nil => returns this if v >= X.X.X
nil - nil => returns this if v <= X.X.X
and then just take the max version of all returned
(max mixer version)
oh, I see, so the query is probably gonna be complicated
so it would have to be something like
I guess
no worries, thanks!
Yeah, mixer_validate is what I'll use, but what sean is describing is for the sdk
mixer_validate spec doesn't change for that.
sure
ok
Hmm, on 422, in addition to error message, can you also return a field mixer_version that returns the mixer version that I should be using?
Hmm, I see.
right
so
if the field mixer_version is missing
Hmmm.....so originally I envisioned having the api call also return a good mixer version to use with my SDK (if one existed) so that the SDK could simply say something like "You're using this mixer which is invalid, but this is the latest mixer that is valid, so I'm just gonna use this one, want me to update your Mixer.lock file for you?" type thing
BUT
I was talking to sean earlier about the issues that might come up with inconsistencies when people run things locally versus running in the build box.
So we were thinking of maybe just erroring hard (instead of auto upgrading their mixer for them).
If we do that, then we don't need the api call to return a valid mixer version
but if we decide to go with the former approach, then we'd need it to return a good mixer version (if the ones supplied were not good).
We're waiting for hampton to get back (I think an hour from now?) to talk to him about the issues/tradeoffs for the two
The thing I'm most concerned about is that if my local SDK version is old, I'm restricted to an old set of mixers
but the build box is always updated, so it needs to use the latest mixers
So locally I get no warning (cause I'm using mixers that are OK with my SDK), but when I push, I get an error cause my mixer is too old for the build box sdk
Well, it might not be needed, so I wouldn't do it just yet
yeah, looks like hcat is here, Sean is gonna talk to him nowish
ok
talked to hcat
lots of changes
well
just one
mixers have a min_sdk version
but they do not have a max
aka, really old mixers will always work with newer sdks
so you'd probably want to remove the max_sdk_version column
and change all the queries for just searching min_sdk_version
it's a definite thing
we will never have max_sdk_version
having the column there might just confuse us later, I think it's better to remove it.
also
I remember those characters
but I don't remember the show
hahaha
heh
Yup
It's what we've signed up for
and it's what we promise will always be true
If that statement is ever not true
I will give you a point
I give you my man's word
I will give you 20!
Actually
I will give you one moustache, for every mixer in which that statement is not true for :p
haha
ok, 10 moustaches for every bad mixer :p
so in that case
the spec you mentioned should be good
200 if all is good, no body
4xx if something is bad, message in { "errors":["error1", "error2"] }
and I'll change the sdk to make sure we do things appropriately now that we know that the only error case is if the sdk is old
yeah
so if there's an error
the message should be something like
"Your mixer version requires an sdk version greater than the one you're using, please go to our website and upgrade"
But you know, more classy.
In the SDK I'm just gonna spit out the apollo error message verbatim
Yeah, that' would be cool
yeah, sounds good
@MatB are we tracking generates in apollo?
Ishan might talk to you, he said he doesn't see any :p
Hmm
@MatB I was thinking --> having create and generate being a transaction seems very troublesome.  Maybe, instead of making them a transaction, we should have generate delete the project if it fails (basically making it transactional without the locking).
Hmmm, they should...
I'm not sure what the date setup is
but they should have an expire date field
in whatever table they're stored
ah
well
fetch_token is the one that creates a token, and creates the expiry date
authorize just needs to check the token date against the current date, and slap a 400 or something if it's expired
everywhere else just needs to do that
As long as all sdk calls just check for the expiry date, then we're good
ah
so you're saying, some methods are not checking for the expiry date?
woot
I think the old routes are /sdk/api (sadface)
oh, btw, what's the full url for the new mixer_versions api call?
:p
okie doke, lemme make sure that's what I have set up.
nah, params is good
I think params are cleaner
^.^ so excited
I wish
we could do that standardize issue we had a long time back
Where we standardized the protocol the sdk and apollo used (Auth-Token in header, json responses, etc...)
But I forget why Hampton said he didn't want to do it.
Yep, we are now part of that boat.
yeah
that's right
nice
thanks
sdk should be good to go too
sounds good
nice
excellent, I'll probably test tomorrow morning, everyone is going crazy over this other asset-host thing here right now
nah, different thing
making sure that the sdk is fully compatible with all old mixers
yep ;p
night night
I'm here!
Yeah, description looks good
already there ;)
That BaseController is quite sexy
so I just finished looking at it and it looks good to me
I just talked to hcat
he'll look at it now
yup yup
sorry about my inactivity in here, since chrome broke hipchat, I have hipcat open in a new firefox window, and I forget about it while working on other stuff =/
I tried installing the air hipchat app in linux
and linux was like, nope
probably for the best
=D  Not yet, Ajay has the camera, I think he'll upload them somewhere
k, one sec
Hmm
do any of the mixers have any restrictions right now?
well, lemme test to make sure everything is right if there aren't any :p
well
this case seems to be working
but the interesting case, we'll have to wait for :p
lemme see if I can find sean or hcat
nope, can't find them...I guess they took a meeting room...
well, since no mixers have requirements, it's not urgent to test...oh well
true that
Lemme check
what was the asset limit?  I forgot
Need a really really really really large image :p
50MB?  Damn
ok...lots of images
lots of kittens!
@MatB got sean, he's making the change
@MatB Sean tried to modify the min_sdk_version in admin panel but it didn't save
didn't seem to commit the change =(
ugh, he dashed to another meeting
yes!
I like this
(soawesome)!
although, I don't think we have an internal mixer api, only sdk
but builds and git is good
what, what API calls are git related?
ah
yeah
nah, it's definitely a git check mostly
or rather
can user access this project
not really status
more like access check
or maybe just git_controller which has the access check function
I think I like that better.
NICE
Mat OP
Hmm, sure, so
on any simple mobile mixer, give it a min-sdk version of 4.1.142
Probably a really old simple mobile mixer
sure
ah, yeah, need simple
okie dokie
lemme know when it's set
Hmm
lol
I'm dumn
dumb*
I tested with the actual 4.1.124 gem, and it didn't block it, and I freaked out a bit.  But then I realized that the change isn't in there :P
nah
this is good, I'm just building the sdk locally with custom version numbers
hmm
weird
hold on, something is off.
@MatB something seems to be wrong with the api call
I'm getting a redirect error:
*mixer
we tried the authorize one
I never tried the validate api call until today =(
really? I can't
link me
oh
I do
weird
ah
I see
mixers
the sdk has the url as "mixer"
now it works
does it not like post requests?
that's the other one :p
no worries, I'll change it in the sdk
ugh
actually
@MatB you might need to make the api call accessible by POST after all
Looks like the entire apollo api in the SDK is built around POST requests only
ok
I would say, allow both
I think that's the old behavior
cause I could always hit sdk urls in the browser and have them work too
this is the weird thing though:
the request goes through
oh, actually, nevermind,
I see why I get the error
because we're not passing the token properly
yeah, let's chagne it to post
or rather, to accept posts as well
nah, that's over, solution is to add post, and we can't test that until next release (though I did some simple testing in my browser and the error messages look good)
yeah, sorry about that, I should've caught that you were missing the post in the pull request
thanks
cool, thanks matt
@MatB tested in the SDK, we're all good!
(mixer validation that is)
You also missed me and Dr. Z debugging a critical issue before launhc :p
launch*
btw, you should remove the restriction on the mixer in prod
now that we don't need it for testing anymore :p
Yeah, it was silly
critical issues always are, turns out some code was being silly inside the proxy :p
that would solve the problem
I've also beeen thinking
that maybe we should check pre-released mixers as well
do we want it to return a 200 if it can't find a mixer at all though?
(given that it'll work with pre-released versions)
yup, I got those
@MatB I will probably be adding the "environment=dev" parameter to all requests going from the SDK to apollo that are from powermoov
Is that ok?
k
yep, that's what i figured
yup, that's what I'm gonna use
nah, just dev
we *might* have test in the future
but not now
@MatB @SeanJ SDK changes are in, version 4.1.204 has them.
Example request:
no worries
that one is a normal moov request
(copied pasted the wrong one :p)
That one is a powermoov request
nah, I think we in powermoov, we'll also check for released, and prereleased, the difference is that if the mixer doesn't exist, then we send 200 for powermoov, and error for stdmoov
yeah, exactly
for powermoov, maybe send a 200, but return a "message" field saying that the mixer you're using is not registered.
I dunnot, maybe that's not necessary
ok, lemme make sure the SDK reads that field too.
yeah, just { "message": "stuff" }
yeah, just one field is good I think.
ooh
I like that
nae bother, big man!
Alrighty, @SeanJ @MatB latest build is 205, checks to see if a message was returned by apollo and prints it out if it was.
I also check for a "message" field in the authorize api call, and print that out if it's not empty (that way we can send a message about deprecating their SDK version if they're running something really old :p)
cool
oh, stepped out for a bit, will look at it now
@MatB not sure what you and @DouglasDrouillard are talking about, but the PR looks good to me.
sweet
hells yea
hm
excellent
hold on, looks like apollo might've broke.
broken
we're rolling back
Hmmm, how long do we wait?
but it returns a 503
@MatB is apollo good? can I validate the change?
k
k, sounsd good
okie dokes, checking
Hmm
powermoov is still failing...but on a different spot....probably validate?
Hmmm, let my try to narrow it down, but yeah, either authorize or validate
Hmm
@MatB Yeah, it was authorize, but that's because I didn't have the mixer locally, once I got the mixer locally, everything worked fine, we're good to go!
Yeah, looks good to me
we only need next_mixer if we can't find the mixer locally
this is the order of api calls
authorize(token, manhattan_version)
mixer/validate(sdk_version, mixer_version, mixer_name, token)
yup
buildbox just gets them from apollo
so apollo is the source of truth
Yeah, that would be disastrous
I think
we need a separate API process
that has a higher level of testing/verification
before every release
so that way
but API stays constant, unless we really need a good change.
but i dunno
that's me theorizing.
Test coverage is hard
we'll never get 100%
closes thing we can hope for is 80%
true
You should talk to Sean about all these ideas
so that he can put them in the roadmap
nice
@MatB Where is brew_url defined?  I grepped all of apollo but couldn't find it =(
dammit rails
ls
ah
that's weird
shouldn't it return console?
yeah
that's so odd
so somewhere in apollo
yeah
oh, so then it's correct
Yeah, probably
yeah
so in the moovweb project for console, we need to make sure we rewrite all apollo links to console.
k.  I'll add that in the github issue
donezo
only took me an hour :p
was messing with the windows box, so didn't have hipchat open there...and it didn't send me an email, cause I guess it thought I was in the room already.
Hmm
is this consistent?
lemme try a generate
trying a generate right now
Hmm, generate just failed for me.
odd, no changes to build scripts happened this morning
do we know what the error is?
but we just know that create-project.sh is faililng?
what's the exit code?
lemme check syslog in the build box
here it is
Looks like either the deploy user no longer has admin access, or apollo access rejects it.
was there an apollo deploy this morning?
Hmm, and apollo definitely has an exception for the deploy user, right?
Looking at the build box logs, it doesn't seem like anyone tried generating any projects since 7am this morning
when did you see these failure?
failures*
Yeah, that's the 7am one, lemme check
15:30 GMT <-- according to build box logs, that one succeeded.
2:26 <---- These are supposed to fail, It was Sean testing how projects that start with a number fail
I think he tried a few projects, all starting with a number, and they all failed
Yeah, then he tried one without a number, and it succeeded
lemme link you the logs
I have no idea why mine failed :p
That's different :p
(logs are most recent at the bottom)
@MatB Looks like that might be a race condition, I can push to that project now.
(my case, that is)
ugh, sorry, wrong test, real test is is deploy user can...
so I can generate again...must've been a race condition
I would prefer http://localhost:3000/d/p/drouillard/l :p
I would prever mo.vn/32rnfes5
What's up with the c prefix?
it ruins my chi
:p
From the dashboard page, how can I get to the preview release in apollo?
I sees
thanks
neat
I"m excited
for new specs
I think it's safe to close it.  Apollo doesn't link to tritium tester anymore, right?  It's all linked from tritium.io/
?
ah, right
yeah, I think it's fine to close, but @JoseEspinosa should have the last say
yeah, they do
I believe
I'm not in the office right now, don't know =(
Nope, still in the oven
Gonna need another half hour prolly
I have no idea actually
crap
I guess I'll take a cab
but it's gonna be super hot.
shit.....
did not think this through....blargh
haha, true that :p
Maybe I can use my laptop as a placemat, it's use to getting that hot :p
hahah
I've seen someone cook eggs on a car engine
hahaha
nice
interesting...how come?
yeah
golang has the same thing
they don't require any accounts
I think Ishan wanted sign in requirement though
so we should talk to him
so
remember when we discussed the key borrowing thing?
Looks like when I try to do a moov login with a key that someone else has,
apollo responds saying the key is already uploaded to my account
but it's actually uploaded to someone else's
and it doesn't do the key transfer
(anymore)
Not back, but just 'borrow' it in general.  Borrow is the wrong word, we're actually stealing it
So if a user reauthenticates with apollo and tries to associate ssh keys with him, if those keys exist in someone else's user account, then we steal them from them and put them in the authed user
we are friggin aladdin
king of thiefs
thieves
yeah
right
well, it would be the create_deploy_key call that we do the stuff
so moov login does this:
it calls authorize, just like normal, if not, it calls get fetch token to get a token, this is all normal, and good
then it gets the key from the local system
and calls create_deploy_key with the key and with our token
and we need to do is find the user with the given token, and associate the given key with that user
but it's possible that a different user has that key
in which case, we have to remove it from them.
correct
the functionality should be the same for both apollo UI and sdk
but it looks like the SDK call has a regression =(
k
I'll check the code in the SDK more carefully, it's also possible we're handling an error case wrong.
so freaky dicky, this just snuck up on us last second >.<
o0
server fault?
that sucks!
it's like crippling all of dev
hrmrmrm
looks liek the only way tfor the SDK to output that message is if apollo returns a 422
today is not your day =(
ha, fair enough
looks like it might be in @keys.save
(line 64)
in api_controller.rb
I think so
Hmmm
I don't think I understand what you mean by making it a two step process.  Isn't it already?
does the user table not need to be updated?  Just the deploy_keys table?
hmm
what about the unique_data validator in the deploy_keys table?
I think that's the one that's getting triggered.
I se
see*
?
right
but it doesn't realize it's the same object?
also, we had this working before....I feel like that would fail all the time...or maybe it's that whole thing Doug was talking about ?  the after_commit vs after_create validators?
:p
well
it fails consistently now
int he deploy_keys.rb model, what is keys = self.class.arel_table mean?
sigh, this hurts my head
ah
k
cool!
Hmm
I'm trying to run apollo locally and get some debug info
it is....
"Key already exists."
yes
reproduceable in linux and windows
haven't checked mac
I can't log in to my localhost of apollo
it says I have to confirm my account in order to continue...not sure what that means =(
oh, db:migrate seems to be working
Hmm
you have to recompile
the go code
to point it to localhost for apollo
otherwise, spoofing POST is your best bet
Matt, here's the logs that I got after a request:
oh, great
Need to help someone in the support room, I'll leave it to you then
omg, encoding fail...I hate encoding
cool, at least we know the problem now
yeah, something like that
Hmm, not sure.  I don't know much about ssh keys actually
seems reasonable?
K
@MatB I'll try to be around some time tomorrow and on sunday, so if you're here working, just get in hipchat if you want to talk (hopefully I'll be there)
But yeah, it looks like the root cause is that that validation in apollo
BUT
because the sharing of keys is such an edge case, it looks like it's not a show stopper
git clone stuff is directly related to the key sharing
that's cause you and sean are super users :p
Me and Zhigang tried, and it's not possible.
I thought you made yourself an admin in apollo?
o.0  that's....weird....
Hmm, maybe that has special priviledges?
it would be in the nosaka_controller, git access check method or something like that?
just checks for admin and deploy
Sean says not to worry about that issue :P
yep
g'night
yup yup
true that.
I believe so.
I don't remember exactly if the pre-release was included
but I remember testing in prod for the general min_sdk_version feature.
and the environment=dev feature
SDK
that's it
so far
probably will remain sdk only
for BB, or production, all stats are recorded via syslog
apollo call for stats is stats that we collect from end users using the SDK
Yeah, that's ok for now I guess
Later we want to use it for things like
gauging whether someone is abusing the sdk
or something like that
Yeah, the route to that should still be alive
If we want to change the route in the SDK (with our plan to update the api in apollo), then just let me know and I"ll change it in the SDK, but we have to support both routes until the older SDKs are extinct
hold on, checking on the generate one
The SDK uses this call to generate:
3.5 is retired
3.4 doesn't use apollo generate
so we're good
3.6 also retired
4.0, 4.1, and 4.2 all use the one I linked
true that
any other ones?
Yup, sounds good to me.  When you add the new routes, I'll let you know what's the oldest version of the SDK that still uses the older routes, so that we know exactly when we can deprecate them.
yeah
within the SDK module/controller
anyways, gotta run to a meeting
@MatB qq
about rails handling requests
you around?
too pro
woots
so
I wanted to ask
when rails receives a POST request
In terms of rails syntax, would that matter at all?  Like, if the fields and values were the same, and say both requests went to the same handler.  Do you have to handle both requests differently, or is rails smart enough to figure it out and just let you access them using "params["field1"]" regardless of the case?
regardless whether the body is json or normal form format?
Ok
weir
d
that commit hash doesn't match any of the broken builds in travis
Oh.., yeah, its probably the hash for when they try to merge and build, to let you know if it's mergeable.
we should probably let them know that it's confusing.
The email should be something like, attempted merge fialed
failed*
and it shouldn't even try to merge if the current branch failed
http://eggomat.com/images/emocrayons.jpg
life is tough
later
exciting
btw guys, the moovweb.rb file, that can't be a redirect since the instructions tell the user to use wget, and I don't think wget follows redirects, does it?
k
We should probably get the quick fix out asap, since this means that anyone wanting to try the sdk for mac can't =(
i like this new animated gif hampton.
it makes my dreary day slightly more cheery.
so true
*yawn* what is it?
oops, wrong room
Hey @MatB How's the auth debugging going?
=(
nope
not authorized
Hmmm
Before doing that, you should ask @hcatlin about it.
There might be some security issues as to why they we can't show graphs/logs for all accounts to all moovweb folks
hahah
yay
I can see graphs and logs!
I can live with that.
I CAN SEE IT!
I SEES THE LIGHT!
AND THE BLUE
AND THE WHITE!
ALL TWO OF THE COLORS! :p
heh
haha
I grew up going to a British elementary school
so we learned it as colours, and armous, etc...
Then when I moved to the States, we had a spelling test
and color was one of them.
and I GOT IT WRONG
CAUSE I WROTE COLOUR INSTEAD OF COLOR
I decided to fit in.  I couldn't handle stress of being an outcast all my life :p
so mean (rdcry)
woo!  SDK/APOLLO!
I love that stuff
correct
so he must've been using an older token, and it was valid
but he got the "servers are busy" error
Ok
so the code flow in the SDK for token_auth is as follows:
Hmm
interesting
We could test it out..
what I find odd is that it is inconsistent
I can auth just fine
yeah
Well, this is the flow:
oh, yes, that's better
:p
This is the entry point:
And this is where we make the apollo call:
Hmm, so you guys ARE returning status=DENIED
I wonder why I wasn't seeing it.
Hmm, ah, the get_token call (as far as I can tell) works fine
It's the authorize call where I needed to see the status=DENIED message but I wasn't seeing it.
Hmm
ah
I see
that makes sense
ok
It looks like for get_token
we only care for the status code (http status code)
Yeah, sorry, the SDK code is very inconsistent in the ways it handles calls to apollo
Yup, should be the case
that code hasn't changed in a long time.
Ok, how about this.  Let's go through every call the SDK makes, and what it expects, and also what we'd like it to be in the future.
That way, I can change the SDK now to accommodate cleaner calls in the future, and APOLLO can have a special section for backwards compatibility that we can drop at some point
yeah :p
Ok, first call
authorize via token
also, looks liek someone has a can't fetch session token error in support =(
Hmm
Hmmm
Right, it's only if there was a network error
yeah
correct
nah
we didn't want to log any errors cause they could be used as potential exploits =(
Yes, it would :p
I'd have to discuss it with @hcatlin.
Ooooh
that would be cool.
We'd have to put it in the roadmap, probably won't go out till 4.3 though =(
I agree
could you make a github issue about it?
Hmm, yeah, I guess you'd have to talk to Sean about it
true that
Probably takes a week or so, I would say.
maybe a little less than a week (though we want to make sure we iron out the protocols on how to test it, destribute it, etc...
yeah, sorry, jumped off to a meeting after the support thing
gonna have to leave for lunch soon
=/
but
I think what we should do
is separate the three authorize calls
in apollo, can we make them different functions, but just have the route point to the same thing?
yeah, sadness.
But is that possible?
like, can you make a route that checks params?
like
that would be sweet
then we can totally seperate that shit
I can give you the params for each call
they're all different
and then we can have different functions in apollo for each
lol
If not, we can always gut the authorize function and just have it call the different functions based on the different params
Hmm
yeah
so
Lemme do this
I'll make a write up
of all the API calls the the SDK does to apollo
and once I'm done, I'll send it over to you.
I'll have that by today (hopefully).
also
after that, we should talk about the future for SDK API apollo communication
I think Jamie had the idea of using a header for the authorization token
like
X-Moov-Auth-Token: stuff
I thought that was pretty neat
excellent
@MatB sorry it's taking me so long to write up the doc, the day has been filled with little emergencies
k
all good
@MatB we're getting a lot of issues with people failing to run the SDK
because of the auth problems
do we have a fix in place?
It looks like it's affecting not just expired tokens
That's definitely one bit of it, but I'm not sure why the other errors are happening, the ones without an expired auth token, I can't replicate those.  But fixing the DENIED bit in the response would definitely help.
thanks
nice, thanks
lol
I want to make a secret flag
to tell the SDK to communicate with a locally hosted apollo
but putting that up in for the SDK would be dangerous :p
so for now, I just compile a version that sends apollo messages to localhost, and then test :p
Yeah, that's the plan
but the way flags work right now makes it hard to do that.
It's in the roadmap
Yes, when is that btw?
Still need to take you and @MichaelCatlin to Cha Cha Cha
nice
Awesome Cuban place
Nice
oooh
btw, apollo changes look good to me, I'm gonna kick off a jenkins build
Rosamunde?
Hmm
I'll have to ask him
I know most of the places in the Mission.
I think
ooh
Yeah
oooh
Super Duper is pretty good
but you should try Umami Burger
It's smaller, but sooooooooooo much more delicious
they have Umami ketchup for your fries ;)
Pearl's Burgers also has great burgers, and really awesome milk shakes
Nope
Umamihttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umami
:p
Sometimes, that's all you need =)
delicious
It just tastes like delicious in your mouth
Or L-glutamate
probably tastes more like L-glutamate than anything :p
ebay? please, you can find it in Amazon :p http://www.amazon.com/Aji-No-Moto-Monosodium-Glutamate-Seasoning-454g/dp/B001OCP02Q/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1355513178&sr=8-6
I don't think Umami burger sells their Umami ketchup, but they will keep on giving it to you if you keep on finishing it ;P
yeah
it fixed it
we're good
please file the deploy ticket
cool
fixed!
at least the issue that I could repro is fixed
not sure about the other issues, we'll have to see
some internal people let me know, and we've also been seeing it in the support room a lot.
oh
yeah
my account is three characters
cause I'm special
he made a DB change
cause....I'm special >.>
So is that the issue?
=(
nooooooooooo
that means....hmmm
before you push apollo to prod
I need to transfer my noj projects to a different account then.
seriously?  we accept names that end in two dashes but not three char names?
what is wrong with us?
Instead of a unix validator, shouldn't we be using a url name validator (since these are going to be in the urls)?
(three char names are valid in urls btw)
sorry, thought url validator would be stricter than unix
but I have been corrected by the SEan
ugh, are you guys seriously going to make me transfer my projects over?
Can we delete accounts yet?
Cause I have like....5 accounts (when I was testing stuff)
if an account is disabled, can I sign up a new account with the email that was associated with that disabled account?
so my emails are forever tied to those accounts (rdcry)
right
just have to change my remotes, no biggie
I guess the old repos in git would remain
but if I do a git push -f on my local repo, it should create a new one with the new name.
ugh
now for the hardest part of all
coming up with a cool four letter name.
oh, I know
no, that's taken (one of my test accounts) : p
ahahahahhaha
no : p
ok, let's just do this I guess
can you change my username to "mdayaram" and my account to "hazasite"
the "noj" account used to be called "hazasite" until hcat changed it to "noj"
yeah, there's an account called "mdayaram"
that *used* to be my default account
until hcat changed it : p
story time
that's gonna be so weird
it's like, an account belonging to another account
so freaky
ew, no thanks
terrifyingly disgusted : p
who came up with this four char limit anyways?
I'm gonna go bitch at them.
ha
>.<
I hate them both
unix names can be one character long, they don't care : p
ritchie?
as long as he wasn't cremated, I can kick his ass
sadface
ok, I need a new name...lets see....
I can kick his beard I suppose
so
hcat said that he's now allowing 3 character account names
which is awesome (flutteryay)
but
that means that something else is wrong =(
i dunno
for whatever reason, when I used that account, it threw that exception
invalid record or something or other
@JoseEspinosa are you still there?
I was testing locally with the js_redirection branch
production is fine
as far as I can tell
hmm
where is the validator for the length of an account/user name?  I don't see it anymore.
I see
Looks like hcat lied to me
<= 3 is not the same as < 3 =(
that's weird
according to that commit
we always accepted three char accounts
and only after hcats commit did we stop
: p
@JoseEspinosa no worries, so it turns out my account is being silly which is why it didn't work
other than that, it looks like it's working fine
registered?
@MatB you're getting married?
that is cray cray
am I invited to the wedding? : p
You best not be joking : p
Hmmmmm
I need addresses
and times
and dates
and all the infos
near gdansk?  that doesn't help me, I need like, an actual address to give the cab driver once I get there : p
don't question SF cab drivers : p
do I need to know polish to get from the polish airport to that location?
Hmmmm
hmmm
mmm
mmmm
mmm
hmmm
Hotel Czarna Perła\nul. Główna 18 A \n83-021 Przejazdowo k/ Gdańska
woops
wrong paste
http: //www.hipmunk.com/flights/EWR-to-GDN#!dates=Dec27, Dec30&pax=1
hmmm
checking again from SFO
http: //www.hipmunk.com/flights/SFO-to-GDN#!dates=Dec28, Dec30&pax=1
sadface
1.5k to go to gdanks
gdansk*
hmm
1.5k (one way) to gdansk
sadface
@MatB I will unfortunately not be attending your wedding.
I am le sad.
@JoseEspinosa @MatB hcat fixed the unix_validator and the problem went away
so we should be good in terms of js redirection.
he's busy making everyone a developer
true that
g'night sir
you too, laters
working on it
in ops room
@MatB
in order to properly do the read only permissions on git projects
you'll have to change the nosaka_controller: git_access_check method
that method doesn't currently check for the type of access (read or write)
it only checks the project, account, and user
that's not enough info to know whether the person has read access, or read/write
And ultimately, that's what will block someone from pushing or cloning a project
yeah
so
in the git server
we actually pass an extra parameter to the git_access_check method
&access=R
or &access=W
You just have to check that to know what operation they're trying to do.
That's already in place
but apollo never checked it
But yeah, just letting you know since you're gonna be working on that : p
Yup, no worries
@MatB It's "access"
The two options are "R" and "W"
cool
Hmm
well, the git access check is controlled by ops
and deploying it today might be troublesome
specially without adequate testing
probably next year would be good
also
when we change our git server from gitolite to gitsy
it will be a lot easier to change that logic
Hmmm
that's a good question
I would say
if access param is missing, block it entirely
BUT
you should ask Hcat
I'ma look now
nice
i made a comment
but most of it looks good
ok, done with comments
everything else looks good, I suggested adding one more test, but that's it as far as I can tell
I agree, but I feel like we're missing that bit of logic in the git controller which could be separate from the project model space
e.g. the git controller could return true OK if the user has read OR write access.
that would pass all the tests
but would break behavior
Adding that last test assures that that behavior is not broken.
aka, the actual git controller is doing the right thing
contradicting test?
The test I'm referring to in the comment is this scenario:   A user with read access to a project is trying to push, he should get rejected.
(with only read access)
I thought you already had a test for that
under the git controller tests?
right
cool
This would release the js-redirection stuff as well, right?
okie dokes
That's fine.  The buildbox will have to get updated in order for it to work as well.
For line 60 in the test cases
could you also make it so that is_readable_for? returns true
so that someone who has read access, but not write, is tested, or is that already implied?
@MatB I don't see it =(
yeah, I see those
but we're still missing a test were is_readable_for? returns true, and the person is trying to write.
we totally would!  That's what the developer role would do (read everything, but can't push)
Well, what I'm saying is
yeah, I don't want to test for developer specifically
but I'm using the developer as an example of a person that has read access to a rpoject, but not write access
so is_readable_for? returns true
but is_writeable_for? returns false
I know given our current code in git_access_check, it seems like an unnecessary check
but if refactored, its possible that it won't be unnecessary
I'm just trying to cover all the possible inputs and outputs possibilities for the controller
possible inputs are
but the controller has specific expectations to fulfill, and we can test those
those expectations are that given these inputs, and this state, I expect this result
one such input, state, combo is access=W, user has readable_for? == true, but writeable_for=false
Hmmm
I agree
Well, I don't worry about typos when checking stuff like that, I assume they'll come to life relatively quickly, like during the jenkins build
But
I guess, I understand your point, but that particular missing test case that I'm pointing out, is a real life scenario, that happens all the time.  Granted the code path will never be called, but you shouldn't write a test thinking bout the code path.
Like you said, when you write a controller, you should write the test before writing the code
if you didn't know what the code would look like, would you include that test case?  I would say, yes, since it's a scenario which would happen all the time.
then later, when you write the code, maybe you realize that the test case is redundant based on how you code it, but that doesn't make it a bad test case
: p
I am...strong opinionated : p
...when I have opinions that is.
Well, just trying to make it make sense to you as it makes sense to me : p
well, you still haven't rebuttled my latest point : p
Hmmm....sorry about my stinkyness..... >.>
depends, if the logic in the controller changes, then the test should *not* break.
anyways, gotta debug a different issue, having/not having the test right now will not really make a difference
ok
cool
I'm scared to push to a project I don't belong to :p
which one is that?
sorry, was in the middle of something, will check that in 5
OK! checking a push to random project now.
Nice
yeah
I have other accounts
I can test that out
might take a bit longer since I have to create new keys and upload them to those accounts :p
hmm
having some issues with my new public key...
weird
"Agent admitted failure to sign using the key"
oh!
interesting
after creating a new key
you have to call
ssh-add
otherwise, the agent isn't aware of the new key
(I guess it caches them?)
but
ssh agent
much better!
ok
time to (not)clone sean's project
oh oh
it worked =/
that's no good....
do we have logs in apollo where I could check what happened?
nooppy apollo logs are only for errors =(
m@noj.cc
I moved all my normal keys to a back up directory, and only had my keys associated with m@noj.cc in my .ssh file
the message in the clone confirms that it used the correct username
"Access granted to repo sean/jira for nojs"
nojs (with an s) is the username for my m@noj.cc account.
phew
that's weird
why would that account be a developer....I don't think I told you guys about it :p
trying again
that's better
but that makes me wonder
how that account became dev
Hmmm
oh
that's possible then
yeah
if you were looking by username, it's easy to confuse it
yup!
haha
one last thing
need to test js-redirection
that got deployed, right?
Ok, let me upgrade the build box.
sadface
I forgot to deploy 4.1.225
so we have to wait
30 minutes
before we can check it =(
gotta run to a meeting, when I get back we'll test
sounds good
@JoseEspinosa looks like the js-redirection works fine (from the build box side of things)
not sure how it's working in apollo though
heh
The second article you linked said that devise was safe
oh, no I don't get any emails
yeah, I figured there was still a setting that needed to be set or something
@SeanJ do you know of anything?  We're not getting emails from JIRA on new issues
I can't even find a settings page for my own profile.
maybe this has something to do with it?
Autowatch:	 Inherit from global settings
I'd say
just pick whatever is reasonable
*reasonable for a default
I think we should be able to overwrite it maybe?
for our own personal preference?
laters
...what does github give you if not email info?
That seems like a huge missing piece.
so the email part is blank
ugh
UGH
It might be a bug on their end, they recently refactored how they handle emails
I suppose so
Sean just left his desk, so he won't answer for a bit :p
To support SAML? I don't think so, but we could charge people to use it.
I think
this might be two different things
SAML would be an authentication method that we support
that we could charge for if you want to use it
I'm assuming it's like an API of sorts
github, twitter, facebook, google, and openID are just ways to login/signup
Yeah, but SAML is more complicated (i assume)
like
if we want to do proper SAML support, we might have to support things like, signup, login, delete account, etc...
I thought rails had xml helpers?
Couldn't you make your data in json and then just have rails convert to XML?
and vice versa
Yeah, that is true.
is this for SAML?
I see
well
SAML is obviously more complicated and would require different set/amount of work
I would say just stick to OAuth and github for now, unless SAML is a higher priority?
Can we talk to one of the github guys and ask them if there's any way to get an email?
Yeah, I agree
but can probably wait for later
@SeanJ agrees?
Let @MatB take in the dark side for now.
Someone has to.
;)
ALSO
I hear you're coming to visit at the end of Jan!
Are you bringing your wifey?
ew, that's true, @DouglasDrouillard might be the dirtiest of all of us.
=(  Are you bringing your puppy?!
=(
I'm terrified to even think about the things @DouglasDrouillard has had to do.
woot!
woot at pictures, not the terrible things doug had to do.
yes!
Hmmmm
probably not, we had one recentlyish
You should bring it anyways!
We can have platform classy friday!
YES!
Oooh, I have to compile the list of places you have to go eat and drink for you as well.
also, @DouglasDrouillard that is brilliant
Cha Cha Chan
Cha Cha Cha*
Zuni is ok, it's more of a lunch place, we can hit it for lunch
Limon is also very good
Bouche is a great wine bar
with DELICIOUS desserts
also
YES!
OMG YES!
(soawesome)
g'night sir
unfortunately we do
switching on our custom git server requires a decent amount of testing
and neither me or jaja have had the time lately
specially since we're both sick/wfh a lot recently
well
the main problem is
gitolite has a set of rules on what project names have to be
and so does apollo
but those are not in sync
so apollo will OK something
but gitolite will be like NO
Yeah, so, that's something that we can fix in gitolite
shouldn't be too hard
and it's an easy fix
I can't do it cause I don't have the perms
but Jaja, sean, hampton, ajay can do it
haha, yeah, definitely, I'm sure he'll know exactly what you're talking about :p
He has all the power, but none of the knowledge :p
but I've seen the code
it's literary a regex
that tries to match the project name
Jaja or hampton should be able to do it
Just tell them to OK starting with numbers, I tried to bring it up before but they were like meh or something, I don't know.
by before, I mean like, months before
I think the regex is [A-Za-z]{3-20}
or something like that
oh no, wait, it's
[a-z]{1}[a-z]{2-20}
blargh
[a-z]{1}[a-z0-9]{2-20}
you get the point
it's something like that
I just ordered some as well
checking for anything specific?
ah, yeah, that makes sense
graphs on projects don't seem to show up
I see
how do i go to my user profile again?
yup yup
yep, sorry, got distracted
profile works
interesting.
drawer?
ah
oh, yeah, it seems the search in it is broken
or typing anything collapses the drawer entirely
as long as we know exactly which one is the dup :p
also, if you can delete accounts, i have 3 accounts I'd like you to delete ;p
I was told that account deletion is not possible..
does it also delete the github repos and remove all slugs in that account?
as well as the username and his email?
sadface
then don't delete my extra accounts :p
yes, definitely
and also resolve any broken references
like someone being a member of a deleted account
when was the last time the user was active?
ah
which one has projects?
if any
maybe both are blank
Hmm
I see
lol
funky
@all did we push horribilia yet?
ok, I wanna run some tests with the nosaka api
should also test SDK api
we can test locally actually, don't need apollo staging
SDK is easy to test locally
build scripts I can run locally against my local version of apollo
yup, already did
I think there's a problem
with the build_register call
I verified that the account/project exists for the user
but in apollo, I get this error:
WOOPS
sorry
I'm a dum dum
>.> forgot to run redis
nice
I tested buildbox API, looks good
still need to test
git_access_check
and SDK
gonna do that tomorrow prolly
actually, will prolly get to it tonight
I'll post somewhere once I OK them.
no prob
later
@SeanJ when did you make everyone in moovweb a dev role?
Was that like...in November, or December?
sorry, still checking sdk
git and build box are good though
I checked the SDK with running apollo locally, looks to be fine
I give it the OK
Is @JajaB around?
Do you have any free time today to look at the two pull requests I have queued up for nosaka_puppet?
One of them is rather quick and easy to test (the access-check one).  The other might require a little more thorough checking (x-forwarded-for and turning off caching by default in varnish and nginx configs)
yeah, lemme make some
so it was a code issue?  I remember you said that it was fixed by just deploying again
oh, one thing I forgot to check on staging
was project generation
so once that goes up
I'll check that.
yup, still in the process of project generation
ugh
this is weird
when I try to run sdk commands against staging
I get a 404
sorry
a 400
but if I take the same exact request and put it on my browser, it's fine.
oh
perhaps staging doesn't have redis running?
yeah, testing locally works fine
@MatB I tested generate locally and the api calls all worked.  For some reason when I tried testing in staging, the api calls all gave me a 400, but I don't know why.
I tried turning redis off locally, but that gave me 500s instead though =/
cause the url was staging.moovapp.com, which has the catch_all cookie to it
without the moovapp.com suffix
to skip the cookie checking
worked fine on my browser....
tried a few API calls from there, seemed to be ok
Yup
Yeah, i can help
I'll test build box and SDK stuff again
alrighty
looks fine to me
how long does it take for both servers to be updated?
yep, I'm gonna wait for both to be updated before I start testing :p
I'm still getting intermittent 500s on the sign_in page
yup
already on it
generation is fine from the sdk side
web generate works fine
yep
yup, can someone try brew?
debian is fine too
sigh, I guess I'll try windows too :p
windows works fine
yup, np
okie dokes, thanks dude!
nice
i dunno.  I guess version numbers for apollo are less important, or rather, only used internally, so we could bump them up however we want really :p
hmmm, I would say that it's not that important since apollo kind of has to service all versions of the SDK anyways (starting from 4.0+), so giving apollo a version like 4.3 which matches the 4.3 SDK release doesn't really mean anything, since apollo still has to work with all the older versions as well.
Also, apollo is iterated upon much faster than the SDK
so you guy's versions jumps up way faster :p
@all can someone with admin status tell me what users have push access to this account in apollo?
the user cjimenez is trying to push to a project in that account and keeps getting access denied
he can SSH authenticate just fine
but fails the apollo access check
I see...
how can you tell that michael?
I don't have access to that page, me not admin :p
ooh, sounds like a horribilia bug
is there an easy temporary fix for this guy?
@MichaelCatlin do you know of a way to assign to him the cjimenez account as his default account?
can someone with admin access change his default account?
Well, the account exists
but I guess the user is not linked to it
Here's the account:
The pages those link to are different
Yeah, this is all confusing :p
okie doke
well
I understand that this requires a new apollo release
but is there nothing we can do to help this guy in the support room right now?
Ok, hmm
@NaseemMakiya maybe we can just send him a zip of a project and let him work locally?
ooh, can someone try that?
@MichaelCatlin you're an admin right, can you give that a try?
yeah
Hmm....@MichaelCatlin ?  Maybe @SeanJ can help?
who else is an admin?
Michael, could you try the fix that Mat suggested for cjimenez?
thanks
Ok, let me ask him to try another generate
doesn't look like it works
@SeanJ yes
yeah
makes sense, generate doesn't go through the same git_access_check hook
Which is a little worrysome actually, I wonder if I could generate to any project, but not push to it.
works now
generate probably failed cause he had a local folder with the same name
yes :p
no problem.....now I'm gonna go brush my teeth.....
already lunch time, damn
merged users with private accounts?
you mean they're one and the same now, right?
ah
wait, does that mean it should affect existing users? cause I thought the issue was only for new users
get @hcatlin up in this hizzle!
hmm, I think I'd rather do options 1 or 3 since they would be a more global fix.
and git_access_check would just inherit the fix from them.
what do you mean shows on the memberships page?
but it's actually organizations
oh, isee
oh, but I like that feature
I already have a ton of people who can access my personal account
also
I'm a part of several accounts
and my "default account" is not the account with my username
I think we should treat people's default account as a normal account
and they can chaange it if they want.
I think that's fine, and makes sense
yeah, I see myself as an owner to my accounts right now
and I see no problem in that.
k, checking now
Looks good
these lines confuse me a bit though:
Hmm, I guess I'm not sure why private accounts are treated differently from org accounts
I always thought github accounts and github orgs were the same thing
/me 's head hurts
so complicated
I see
I see
I see.....that's kind of wonky
I see I see
true true
fair enough
hopefully the code base doesn't get too divergent.
yar
but makes sense
why we need the difference
yeah
excellent
night night
cool, laters
cool
hire!
Hmm, his name sounds familiar
Did he come through Ariana/Nora?
=(
Don't be sad!  Watch this instead!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sb2iXpRt2jk
that girl is talented
so is that bulldog
haha
readin
weird
sounds like some joo joo
>.<
is that a devise issue or rails issue you think?
:(
I looked
I couldn't find the new auth_user! function in it
which I'm assuming is juts a wrapper for authenticate_user! ?
wait
I see it now
nvm
looks good to me
normal deploy tomorrow then
checking SDK auth in staging is actually harder than I originally thought, but I can test auth stuff locally
relatively easily
I can run those tests now
my computer is acting wonky, gonna restart, then run the tests.
ok, checking apollo for SDK, BB, and GIT apis
@all SDK, BB, and GIT api calls seem to be fine against apollo/master
my pleasure
g'night
Yep, happens to me and Tarun as well, surprisingly does not happen to Michael
Tried different browsers, cleared cookies, none worked
Hmmm, we suspect that it works for admin users?
(admin users in zendesk, not apollo)
Agents
Hmm, go to the platform room, Tarun is talking about it there
he doesn't have access to this room :p
yeah
yeah, sorry, i meant to talk to you about that.
for now, the only thing would be an SDK api call to delete a project
delete is the only one we need for 4.2
That's a good point....um....I guess GET would be easiest in the SDK, but a DELETE call would be more semantic...would it be hard to make it work on DELETE, then I can test out if we can stick with it, and if not, switch it to get?
if that's too much trouble, just make it get from the getgo
cool
Yeah, since it's a new API call, i rather make it semantically proper.  I need to refactor the apollo api code in the SDK to work with all HTTP commands in a cleaner fashion anyways :p
Also
I'm making a change
that will add
X-Moov-Version header to all apollo requests
we should, lemme dig it up
anywho, starting the release of 4.2, all API calls from the SDK will contain the X-Moov-Version header which should contain the SDK-version the person is running in.
I tried turning verification on locally to see if it would work, and it did
before I commit the change, I just wanted to make sure that I wasn't doing anything unexpected.
hmm, ok
well, I know the certs work cause the api calls worked when I turned verification on
but just wanted to make sure that they'll continue working is all =D
hmmm, is it really an apollo setting though?  I though we could easily do this via nginx :/
ah, I see
wait, won't that cause a loop?
nginx terminates ssl, forwards to apollo, apollo forwards request to https, nginx gets it...
Yeah, it can probably wait
I'm not sure how urgent it is.
we can start with SSL for login/registration only if that's easier
and figure out ssl (allthetings) later
blargh
(allthethings)
Hmm, in that case, i think it's probably all nginx :p
@DouglasDrouillard saving the day with some secure socket layering
making everything HTTPS required and making HTTP requests forwarded to HTTPS sounds like nginx's job.
I don't think apollo itself has to do anything.
>.> is dougy around?
sure
Ah, actually, by default, the SDK never displayed those messages (because they used to be "norp", so we just ignored them and went off of the HTTP status code)
BUT, now that we have better messages, I can change the code to actually output them.
correct
as long as you're still returning the same HTTP status code, which I believe you are
regardless, I'll make the changes
sure, no worries
Normal SDK auth looks fine
I'll work on the changes to output the messages, should be in by 4.2
blargh
@MatB our api code (specially the authorization code) in the SDK is really disgusting....I'm gonna push showing the messages over to 4.3 after a small revamp of it.
Yes, I have already laid done the beginnings of my plans
muahahahahhaha
Hmmm, cool, give me a bit, finishing something small, and I'll take a look at it.
mer? I didn't write it
I'm flattered, alas, I cannot claim such large part of apollo.
k, taking a look
yar, it looks good to me, though that's not saying much since I didn't quite understand all of it :p
wow
indeed
right, I've been working on other things
yar
hrmrmrmrm..
can we simulate the request apollo makes manually and test it out locally?
how long would that take?
nice
alas, the only way ='(
Good luck sir Mat!
what was it?!?!?
you guessed what params we were missing by bruteforce?  You are amazing!
awesome...so they deprecated their old api without telling anyone? so pro
weird
weird
I see
that makes sense
so the older api was more forgiving
and they made a new more strict api
indeed
speaking of versioning apis >.>
heh, yeah, we should do that too :p
eventually I guess
Yeah, we need to stabilize, reach a solid state, and call that v0 :p
yeah
yeah....
actually
omg
this would be so cool, and could be completely stupid
let me know if this sounds stupid to you
we could do
the SDK always sends its version in the URL
nevermind
it's stupid
erase everything!
yeah
yeah, that's what I was thinking
but figured it's still too complicated
and can still be done
since all requests now already send the SDK version as a header
so instead of the URL, apollo could check the header for the custom routing I guess?
anywho
I think we should stick with the standard
whatever that is, whether it be v1 in the url or whatnot
research is definitely required
indeed
I think 0.11.7 is the standard one that definitely works
oooh
can I go!
guys, I want to be part of apollo
It has always been my dream
to learn the ruby and the railses
well
I know the rubies ok
just need to learn the railses
I see
to space camp I go!
k
yeah, the diff looks weird cause of the comments
but the only change is actually changing released to released_or_preview
for line 32
@MatB yeah, that's correct
so the valid check is OK
but then when we pass it to authorize, we're trying to get the download URL (because we couldn't find it locally)
and authorize is like, nope, don't know of that one, cause I'm only checking released ones.
yar
part of the API-redo
one day!
@MatB is the PR good for merge, or is there something I should change?
>.>
sadface
weird, how come it didn't break in localhost?
ah, true
truth
well, at least we have this awesome staging environment =D
@MatB did the search bar breakage also break the sidebar for logged in users?
Conversation is in the operations room.
omg, you guys are still up
so diligent
ah, for sprint reviews?
so...time for bed for Mat, time for Doug to keep working?
:p
ha indeed :p
alrighty, g'night guys
@MatB when you said team management I thought you meant managing the apollo team :p
Also, how dare you leave on Friday without saying a word!
no, I was in the office until 4am!
I was waiting for you (rdcry)
In the large conference room :p
I was totally there!
playing cards against humanity
(rdcry)
Chris was there!
no, that was your present
you have to get me a new present when you come back :p
brandy
!
scotch!
lol
shows you how much I know about alcohol :p
is what makes a whiskey scotch just that it's from scotland?
heh
wotos
woots
(flutteryay)
noice
I gave you a 3
would've been 5 if you hadn't bounced on friday so abruptly :p
Um
nope
build box talks to production
no good way to have it talk to staging yet.
though I have some awesome plans for it
but they're all targeted for super future time
creating a new project in staging would still kick off the production build box...so the status would never update, no?
correct
looks great, though I do agree it needs to be centered
yar
also, there's more dogs in san francisco than there are children
so that statistic is not impressive :p
I do love my puppies
so close, but yet so far
apollo release?
yeah
noop commit to retrigger a build
what did the console say?
Hmm
lemme see, it's the console-prod project, right?
or apollo-layer?
nope, localhost is not in there
In order to run the apollo-layer project against a locally running version of apollo, you have to add a localhost entry in the config.json
that would fail hostname registration when pushing to moovcloud
Yeah, I don't see it.
must've failed hostname registration for a different reason.
@MatB @ChrisNeale looks like apollo app server 1 is down, this could've also been the reason for your build failure
full story is in the operations room if you're interested in updates
but it looks like it has to do with the latest apollo deploy
It's being rolled back
was that error message meaningful to you guys?
yeah, but the build box talks to one of them specifically.
true
yup
@MatB we need to add a new generator template
and we need it by tomorrow morning >.>
yar
The template is called "mtv"
actually, one second
I'm gonna try to change the name : p
ok, @MatB the new template is called "googletv"
Hmmmm
lemme ask Michael
Michael said no, keep it a secret
so don't expose it to the user.
excellent >.>
yar, I'll do that
tomorrow morning is fine
@DouglasDrouillard @MatB can one of you guys help the guy in the support chat?
@MatB we got an issue during the hackfest where two different emails registered using the same username
This is the guy that got manually confirmed
before he got manually confirmed, he signed up again using a different email, but the same username
and got that confirmation email immediately
and confirmed it
but then his other account was manually confirmed
and we ended up with two accounts with the same username.
I was thinking that maybe the same username can be used if the user hasn't been confirmed yet?
so if two users registered with the same username
neither has confirmed yet
then they confirm, then that works.
is it a db restriction? and if so, is it checked during signup or confirmation?
I see
is there a way to make it a sql restriction as well?
yeah
a lot depends on the usernames being unique
and I remember we ran into this issue once before too
were the prod database had two usernames, and we manually deleted one.
I'll make an issue about it.
yup, I put more details in the issue
I thought you guys manually confirmed his original account
but if you didn't
that probably means that the second confirmation email that was sent probably confirmed both his accounts.
Yeah, the official release is not until next week
the official changelog probably won't be ready until then.
Hmm, why?
Hmm
is the changelog feature store the changelogs in the dabase, or is it going to be a file checked in to apollo?
you guys are conflicting :p
If it's a db thing, then I believe sean just wants the feature to be ready so that when we release on Monday, he can input the changelog in apollo.
You can probably assume it's markdown
@MatB is it redcarpet?
I think in HAML, you can just use the markdown directive
:markdown
and then in a new line, indented, put the value that you want to have markeddowned
but you should probably use whatever way is the standard in apollo :p
Hmm, I figured the changelog would just be something that Sean inputs once we pulls the level on the release, and he could input whatever he wanted?
(I don't actually know, I was just assuming that's how it would work)
That would be good for the difference between 4.1.215 and 4.1.225, but I do think we need a more detailed changelog when we have a major release that includes all the changes from the previous major version to the latest.
it would have to be in the db as the changelog for the sdk:version 4.2.xxx
where xxx is the version that we release
mayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyybe
we could do something super cool like
each version gets a changelog list
and then when we show the URL for the changelist
changelog*
we have something like
changelog?from=4.2.111&to=4.2.200
And that would accumulate all the changelogs
and prettify them and output them as a page.
Hmm
/me likes the idea of a changelog table
well, Sean will definitely write a changelog for every future major release
as per the mini pre-releases, it's ok if they don't have a changelog
but we also allow them to have one.
lol
You're going to force me to use proper language on my commit messages?
:p
"fixing random bug that broke things when I tried to do stuff, blarlkgshalksjgfklsjf I hate myself."
so true
have an apollo filter that changes all references to profanity to puppies and rainbows
"rainbowing puppies broke the puppying rainbow when I tried to fix the rainbowing server"
hahaha
sure, I'm game for lunch
@all you guys know how we have a "notes" section in the project page in apollo for every commit?
Would it be possible to auto-populate that with the commit message for that commit?
coool
I guess the build box would have to pass the commit message in a api call?
oh? Hmmm...
Well, I figured, we could auto-populate the message with the commit message, but they could always edit it
I'll talk to hampton and ask him if he's cool with that, and if so, I'll make the change in the BB
would the build_update call automatically do it if I pass it as the correct param?
NICE
now to fetch hampton!
I think he's at the hackfest =(
SUPER IMPORTANT
@MatB do you think that the entire git log message would be useful, or just the straight up commit message?
Entire log message:
k
Hmm, I wasn't sure about that....I thought it would be useful?
lol, and that would very easily become unmanageable.
I gets you bro
Hmm, I would think so
logged in people
Hmm, I would say, keep it logged in for now, and if we decide to open it, then we can do that in the future.
lol
@MatB what's the greatest simple-mobile mixer pre-released right now?
thanks!
cool, thanks
kk
cool
I believe what you want to do is commit them to a feature branch
and then submit a pull request
sure, was it all done in one commit?
git reset --soft HEAD^
ick
rebase is scare
I prefer git reset --soft HEAD^
scary*
to be fair, it's only scary cause I don't know much about it :p
huh?
oh
no space
between HEAD^
yeah
@MatB ooh
that's not good, that should never come up, means something terribly wrong happened
when did you see that?
interesting, did it have more details?
thanks
yeah, looking now
yar, must've been my bad, I usually try to update apollo when I update that list
I'll create a pull request for it making sure we're matching up.
cool
thanks
@hcatlin if you're around! tell me why we're not auto-populating the "notes" field in a build with the comments of the commit, go!
@all can anyone push to moovcloud after the latest apollo deploy?
Hmm
trying again
still getting 502s when using the nosaka api from the build box
pushing?
yeah, pushing is still broken
but it sounds like it's a deployment issue, not a code issue?
(as far as I know, no changes were made to the nosaka_controller)
@MatB we have a guy in the support room that needs to make a push to fix a production project.  Do you think this error is an apollo code error?  If so, can we roll back?
Hmm, nevermind, looks like @JajaB is rolling back
It's not an emergency, but it is a good reason to roll back now rather than trying to debug in production ;)
Also, he's the only guy we hear about...if you look at the logs, there were at least 4+ people who tried to push but failed (other than me :p)
well, that's the point of staging.
@all could this be the cause? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eZcV1UuUzI
sorry
wrong link
blargh
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8131423/actionviewmissingtemplate-but-the-template-exists-already
hrmrm
yeah
I'm also getting intermittent 503s
but it looks like that might be because some of the apollo app servers are dieing and then getting restarted
doubtful, no reason why we would have high traffic now more than before.
I think our problem is not so much monitoring, but more our deployment process :p
true
well, josh is...looking into it
@MatB is there anything you can tell from the logs?
yeah, same here
ok
I guess we'll leave it in the hands of ops
@MatB so Josh rolledback to 332 and it looks like we're good now
There's still the mystery as to why staging is acting fine even though it's running on 336
It looks like we are also unsure as to what version was in production (hence the confusion as to why we rolled by to 335 instead of 332 in the first place)
so a couple of things, 1) Jaja is asking that every new apollo deploy contain a "from version XXX to version YYY" to clearly point out what to roll back to in case of failure.
I think in the future we'll want to add something to apollo that will let us detect what version is running in production so we can do this dynamically
what's that?
Hmm
I think we're using mcollective right now to achieve the same, but yeah, I don't really know all the specifics.
Maybe we should talk to hampton and jaja about this in a meeting.
apollo deploys are getting to be pretty painful
we need to come up with a solid deployment system for it.
indeed
I think it should be a combination of better deployment tools, but also maybe mandated deploy windows.
So like, maybe we can only deploy to apollo three times a week?
How would you feel about that?
true
but deifinitely morning would help
yup =(
routes.rb was the same?
jaja pointed out that the app servers stopped responding to moov_check
but I pull the latest from apollo and moov_check worked fine for me locally
pulled*
Also, me and Sean checked it in staging, seems to be fine.
so yeah....still a mystery blargh
sorry, I checked it on staging, Sean checked it on prod when it got rolled back on 332
Hmmm, what does that do?
ah
lemme check that
did you try it in staging?
looks like it doesn't work in staging
Hmmm
Hmm, not sure if moov_db_migration_version ever worked, but it certainly isn't working now.
moov_check looks fine to me
@all  trying to log in to staging using my prod credentials, but that's not working for me, does it work for anyone else?
I tried both
sdk and through browser
hmm
i don't know what that error is unfortunately =(
nope, been using the same password since inception
>.>
can you log in using the browser?
I do, but with different emails
tried both my moovweb ones, they didn't work =(
(in browser and sdk)
sadface
oh, yeah, I don't remember the password for that one.
lemme see... :p
lol
now lets see if it works on staging
nope
doesn't work
ha, good luck :p
yeah, it seems like none of my accounts work on staging.
I'm le sad
oh wait
that's weird
fails every time
that succeeded.
weird...but shouldn't login work on either?
That's comforting :p
Hmm
building apollo on jenkins just creates a gem, right?
can I take that gem and install it locally and try to run apollo locally from that?
hmm
Hmm, yeah, I don't really know.  Do most people use something like capistrano?
I see these in the jenkins log
ok, sounds good
do you think you can set up a meeting with hcat and jaja about this?  you'd have to look in their calendars to see when they're free...but I think it's something that needs to be discussed going forward.
probably @SeanJ would be interested in that meeting as well maybe?
sounds good
it's probably super late there right now, right?  should probably call it a day :p
Don't forget to tell your fitbit!
Yeah, 332 seems to be stable.
true that.
g'night
I can give you the nginx config if you think that would be useful.
lemme see if I can get anything from the config
Looks like it's taking forever for it to load for me.
woops, sorry, wrong windows
lemme see
every time they run the SDK locally, the SDK sends apollo the sdk version
yupl
sounds good
or at least, I see nothing wrong with that :p
woops
sorry, got off and did something else
getting the stats structure now
It's a JSON request
POST
Hmmm, let me make a build where I just print out the request so I can send it to you, hold on.
@MatB stats data:
pkg_type could be "brew", "gem", "deb", or "unknown" I believe.
oh, I"m not sure what it says for windows
let me check
Hmm, doesn't seem like it.
every minute
yeah
otherwise
if you want to change the stats we're collecting, we could do that
but it would only apply for people using the version of the SDK that has the updates
Yeah, they're cumulative, so in other words, the one I showed you would be 4 requests in the past minute
and the next POST on the stats would read zero requests if they haven't done anything in the next minute but kept the server running
sorry, I meant to say, they're not cumulative : p
But again, we can change all of this, it would just mean it would only apply to the latest SDK
I actually don't like the way the stats are sent anyways, so I would love to change it...but the benefit is that they haven't been changed in a while, so SDK's running on 4.0 would send these same stats.
lol
@MatB I noticed that my notifications feed in fitbit is flooded by you
Seems we are neck and neck : p
Also, if we want to change it for 4.3, we should do that as soon as possible, cause march 15th is end of dev for 4.3
We're fistycupping
sounds good
I'm going to grab late breakfast
@ChrisNeale another place that might contain the moov sdk version (cause we just didn't have enough!) is an HTTP request header called X-Moov-Version
@ChrisNeale looks like you can access the headers like this:   request.env[ "HTTP_X_MOOV_VERSION" ]
but there might be a better/cleaner way
not sure
I...don't think so? >.>
Mat probably knows better
I believe so
hmm
we can add that
but it doesn't currently have it.
sounds like something I should include in the headers.
/me wants to put all static information in headers
not sure
he's not at his desk right now
Seems to be working fine for me ^.^
yup, just generated it
@all I'm going to add a custom header to all moovsdk requests going to apollo, thinking of calling it X-Client-OS:  linux
reasonable?
It's going to be linux/darwin/windows
I guess we could, it'll just be if os == "darwin"; os = "mac" : p
Hmm
that's a good point
maybe
mac (darwin 43.23.4.) or something like that
let me see if go can send me that info
can get me*
ah, sure
Hmm, this is all dependent on whether Go gives me that info or not : p
Hmm, looks like that info might be more complicated to get
for now I'll just add X-Client-OS-Type
and it'll be linux/mac/windows
and we can think about adding other stuff later.
@MatB do you think we should just put all this information in the User-Agent header?
something like
User-Agent:  Moov 4.2.179; linux
or something like that?
Hmm, it was suggested here in the office.  Mostly it's just a standard, and when we talk about security, it's very easy to just say "yeah, we set a user agent" rather than "we send a bunch of headers with information that you would find in a user agent"
Hmm
I dunno, I kind of like the individual headers for each piece of info
but I'll leave the decision up to you.
Ok, I'll put them all in the user agent then.
semi-colon separated? Or is there a standard user agent syntax?  from what I recall, user-agents are very much a cluster fuck.
(in terms of syntax)
Hmm, what message?
ah, yeah, he mean the generator
that message will show the user a link to the download page in apollo
so as long as those instructions are there, we should be good
@MatB yeah, I'm closing it.
@MatB yeah, in a year we won't need this anymore
excellent
also
for the user agent
I have this: :
User-Agent:  MoovSDK/4.2.179;mac/amd64
Reasonable?
like
I didn't want to use whitespace in case something needed whitespace
oh
I see
ok
so
User-Agent:  MoovSDK 4.2.179;mac amd64
That's fine. Whitespace is fine for each item, I wanted to keep the item separator as a semicolon
or something unique
alright, doing that
>.>
Should I be scared?
hahhaa
@all this is not urgent, but I think SDK authentication has been broken for a while if you run apollo locally.
I've tried running the SDK against a local version of apollo, and for the past month or so, I've never got it to accept my username and password
yeah, only locally
woops
wait
I got a DB error in the most recent try
let me run a db: migrate and make sure this is still happening
ok
turns out I forgot to do a migration for horribilia
which caused all my troubles...
so
ignore me
yup
that's what i thought
heh
beat out the crowds
haha, later
Hey @MatB has the fix on the download URL been released yet?
ah, ok
lemme check.
@MatB download_url is validated in stage
sweet
awesome
@MatB sean is in a meeting right now
lol
yeah, true that
haha
I can't wait until we're popular enough that all we do is fix security exploits :p
twitter used to be rails, they're switching to scala
(very slow switch)
yep
@MatB seems like staging and production yielded different results for the download_url thing
for production, I get this:
It's adding the port unnecessarily.
Hmmm, that's true
you're right
ugh, shoudl've checked that in staging
I just hit it with http normally
fails on my part, sorry about that.
curling should work
seems somewhat tricky
I tried using HTTPS in staging
and it still works fine there.
not sure why it doesn't in prod
true
urgh, yeah, the problem is that the SDK talks to apollo
so we have that disparity =/
@MatB so I talked to Sean about the download_url link issue
he said that for now, we should just hard code it, and we can create a JIRA issue for a long term fix.
kgio?
ah
you guys and your silly macs
linux ftw
I think prod might use 1.9.3 already...
not sure though
truth
I'm sure if it didn't, Josh would've upgraded to 1.9.3 while switching to unicorn
0.0
....what does that mean...?
2.0
that's exciting
I wish ubuntu would come prepackaged with 1.9.2....it's still 1.8.7
I wonder if they'll come prepackaged with 2.0 once that's out
exciting again!
neat
cool
I wonder what new features they've introduced
oh, sadness
but
it sounds like that issue was only for mountain lion?
mountain lion + ruby 1.9.2 + kgio = break?
but production is linux
so we're good
checking
(in staging?)
@MatB Staging looks good
yeah, in staging it works fine, but in staging it always worked fine
Yup
/me crosses fingers
checkin
Looks good!
no worries
I can test some SDK functions, sure
SDK and build box APIs look good
Adios
fooooooooooooood
User-Agent
but in the environment, it'll probably be USER_AGENT
yeah
sorry for the CRYPTIC_LINE_OF_MASS_EXTRACTION
We can clean that up as we start ending support for certain SDK values
like
if we do End of Life for 4.0 and 4.1
then that line would become a lot simple
simpler*
Hmm
11am PST right now.
so yes
@DouglasDrouillard I made a comment on it
ah, ok
Hmm
yeah, if we need to have a chat, I can set up a google hangout
sigh
honestly, I understand we want to be agile
but deploying in the middle of the day is just asking for trouble
Ideally, we could have separate deployments for each component
so SDK, BB, and nosaka APIs for apollo have stricter deployment guidelines, during off hours
and just apollo front end is agile and can be deployed willy nilly
anyways, that's my proposal going forwards
/me goes back to hiding in the office
It doesn't
but it solves the issues of wanting to be agile
but also not breaking all our shit all the time
we basically need a dedicated server for our API
in otherwods, apollo should NOT be our API backend...
oh, you mean the speed of which this particular incident was handled?
ok, that's a different issue then
/me goes back to hiding.
after 5pm maybe?
I know no one wants to stay here that late...
but honestly, it starts getting embarrasing.
If we automate deploying and rolling back, this call can be made much faster, which I believe Josh is working on.
:p
I won't tell any irish people you said that :p
But honestly....Salesforce had zero down time deployments, and they still chose to do them at 1am on Friday/Saturday nights.
sorry, didn't mean to step in there, was just ranting..
/me goes back to hiding again.
Is that really necessary?
I feel like we can fix this problem with just some clearer communication.
And once deploying is automated, we should see this process being a lot smoother
did the switch to mysql take place?
that should make it dramatically faster
It's shouldn't be hard to add some simple log lines to cert manager that ouputs how much time it takes to execute each task it needs to do for a call
that's only mitigating the issue
whatever we do, we should feel confident that we can hit cert manager at least 5x to normal production traffic and have it still stand strong
/me pulled 5x out of his ass, but hopes everyone gets the idea
@LV maybe you're right.  Regardless of Cert manager's capabilities though, we should be able to hit the page in apollo that shows the status of a cert at 5x production traffic, because apollo itself is supposed to be high capacity.
@LV is there any pattern on building an HA system with non-HA dependencies?  I'm having a hard time wrapping my mind around an HA system that has non-HA dependencies, I guess I can't think of a way that it would function.
@DouglasDrouillard but cert manager only has one worker.
(is that right?)
so that becomes the bottleneck.
so it's essentially simulated apollo having one worker if you're hitting the project page.
I guess at that point
apollo stops responding to moov_check
and the monit scripts kill it
thus giving the 503s
whenever apollo is blocked on a long process and you get 503s, that's most likely what happened
@MatB I like the idea of ajax, but don't get why you think it woudl still have the same issue?
oh, I see, yeah, it would have to be a sidekiq job or something
Hmm, well, not that much actually, it's just a background job -- all SDK calls are already background jobs using redis, no?
I think making the cert manager calls async and then have the page do an ajax poll to check their status and update seems like a good solution that keeps apollo HA and cert manager not so much HA.
but then again, I know nothing about operations
@MatB so checking the status of a job is not easy? that sucks.
yeah, that's true.
I think @LV has a point though.  The purpose of Cert Manager is not to be HA, but rather, to have a good backed up version of all our certs.
I dunno
at this point I'm mostly speaking from feeling and not experience or knowledge, soo....feel free to ignore me.
@MatB yeah, having a general audit would be good, but we should probably wait until cert manager's refactor is finished.
Which, yeah, if Josh already has plans on refactoring cert manager, then this might not even be an issue anymore depending on the performance once it's refactored.
Sorry, yeah, I agree.
True
interesting, I thought I heard Josh talk about rewriting it to use Rails and mysql instead of S3
ah, ok, so it's not currently on the roadmap, gotcha.
I can imagine.
That's fair
yay time management
later
sure
sure
k, cool
I think that's right
sorry, haven't had a chance to look at it
but as long as doug and chris are cool with it, I'm sure it's fine.
yeah
we can do that.
I can build a local copy that talks to it (hopefully)
yeah, just grab me whenever is appropriate
ls
oh, @MatB about the notes update thing
the change was pushed to the BB since yesterday
but the notes field is still not being updated
likewise, if I run the BB scripts running against my local version of apollo
it says the commit was successfull, and I can see it committing the notes field
but then when I look at it again, it's still nil
I'm just really puzzled by that one.
Doug is helping me
will pull you in if we have to, but hopefully we can iron this ou
out
not today
but some day, maybe
there's no way to know the account info
from within the project
but
we do send the auth token
so using the auth token maybe you could find out the account?
@MatB stats collection is in master?
@MatB I'm going to test by running locally, where can I go to verify that stats were updated?
yeah
=( I'm not a rep
^.^
woots!
right
so
yeah, on the user side
we have no way of knowing which account this project belongs to
(we actually don't even know for sure the project name)
we guess what the project name is
based on the directory of the project
yeah
but they could be cloning a github project
and not setup the remote
(remote to moovcloud that is)
so
in terms of active minutes used
you don't need to know the account/project right?
yeah, me too
but unfortunately, there's no way to do that
they coudl even create a project from scratch (if they knew the file structure which is not hard to figure out) that's not even linked to moov cloud
We can do stuff that works on most cases
but there will always be a case where we have no info
I rather not log that data if we don't know for sure that it belongs to that project
if you find exactly one project with the same name
then I think it's good
but if you find more than one, then I would say discard the data
otherwise, the user could work on both projects and only one would get logged
it's better to say "we don't have data for either of these" than "we incorrectly accumulated your data"
I can check the git remote on the SDK side
and send that info over if I find it
but if I don't find it
all I can send is the directory name of the project (which might not even be accurate, e.g. apollo-layer project is under console-prod in moovcloud)
actually
if I don't find the remote
I think I rather not send anything
and then apollo just logs the minutes used
but can't log anything else.
or
if you really want to be fancy (not sure how much work this will take)
I send a list of proxy hosts and upstream hosts
you could try to find a project that matches those in apollo
crap, that's true
currently do
yeah
and then we get a problem again
well
the *worst* part
apollo-layer project is also used for console-stage
so now we have the user working on one git project
that actually matches on multiple moov cloud projects
so actually, this whole concept of grouping stat data to a single project is somewhat flawed.
it's a one to many relationship.
Yeah, I get what you mean
so I think
maybe for now we should just ignore the data
and just worry about active minutes used
to be honest
true
I would say just use the data that makes sense to group per user
the type of data that we're sending on the stats call was actually decided almost a year ago
(when we really didn't know entirely how things would work).
yeah
hahaha
true that.
Yeah, so for now, I would just ignore all data that is specific to a project.
until we decide how we want to handle that (or if we decide we even want to)
I think that's fine.
request count I think is a good stat to keep associated with the user
This user ran through X many requests
but things like
upstream hosts, downstream hosts, probably not as useful
yeah, actually, I'm looking at the sample stats, it looks like the only thing we would ignore is projects and upstream_hosts
yeah, I'll get on that now.
actually, I'm going to the bathroom first, then I'll get on that :p
:p
yeah
also
meeting about APIs is in a little bit
so I'll do the testing after that
@MatB I'm going to google plus hangout you in the meeting
Nope, gonna do it now
@MatB what's the URL for the rep dashboard?
@MatB it doesn't seem to be working
(the stats that is
)
I am
I will show you the logs in apollo
But there's no INSERT or UPDATE call being made, and the rep/sdk_stats dashboard is empty
yup yup
let me try another pull
I did
git pull && bundle install && bundle exec rake db:migrate && bundle exec rails s
sure
@MatB I have to run to a meeting
But I put a bunch of debug lines in place
here's the debug output on the output
ok
good :p
Hmm, no'
if no one does, I'll set it up
anyways, heading out
eval `ssh-agent`
make sure you kill it first though
if you just want to reload an ssh-key
just run ssh-add
yeah, ssh-add /path/to/identity should work
ah, cool
no worries
thanks for taking care of it!
@MatB did the output I gave you help in terms of debugging the stats stuff?
Hmm
yeah, I ran redis locally though
ah
how do I run that?
ah
ok
got sidekiq running
omg
it's doing so many things
jesus
it's running so much
cool
it worked as soon as I turned sidekiq on
looks good!
let me test in staging now
@MatB I'm having trouble testing in staging again...I remember running into this before....-.- but since it worked locally, I'm not too worried.
also, I'm not a rep in staging, so it would be harder to verify
yeah, I'm giving it the OK
(flutteryay)
cool
later
checking
Mat listed what I wanted to say
also, FYI, @MatB we have a desktop here setup with a webcam that no one uses
wanna try virtual Mat tomorrow?
I can setup some speakers for it too.
sooooooooo cool!
and you won't have to miss standup anymore! :p
later doug
ok, for Standup at least :p
webrtc?
cool
they're both the same link fyi :P
hhhhmmmmm
I have no idea what the hell is going on
I see now
it's not a game
just a visualization
:p
Still in bed, but just assign the ticket to me.
yar
I will run stuff locally and get you guys a print out of the header
I suggest going with the HTTP standard which is "User-Agent"
checking a few different versions of the SDK would be useful given the issue we had last time
yeah
pushing to a project
if git push works, git clone would probably work as well
it's the same apollo API handle
but we can check it too
Hmm
so moov login with a new key?
and then trying push/clone with the new key
but we should also test push/pull with old key
looking
I'm no database pro, but it looks good to me
@DouglasDrouillard I hate unless
just makes me more confused.
code is already confusing.
:p
raise "failed" unless sucess
raise "failed if !success
*shrug* I guess I can see that.
I buy it (truestory)
plans
@MatB are you referring to me (regarding the changes to verify?)
@ChrisNeale we found out the other day that we can't get it to work locally correctly because of the port number
Unfortunately, not sure how fruitful it would be to work on it.  I remember having something that sorta kinda worked a while ago, but I can't replicate it.
what do you mean?
still an issue
sure, I can do that
yeah
@MatB actually, my current dev environment is a little wonky, can you get someone else to do it.  Anyone that has devved on the SDK should be able to.
Hmm
well
ideally
once we have the feature
to specify the apollo connections
you won't need someone to hack the code and build anew to test apollo :p
I do agree though
I would love it if more people would have a working apollo and sdk setup locally.
and a local buildbox
and a local mps config
basically you should be able to run our entire business locally
and if you don't, then shame on you :p
/me also has a local git server setup
Yeah, so, our redirect twitter doesn't take into account port numbers, so it doesn't retire correctly
Rewritter, not twitter, sorry, phone fail
There's an issue to fix it, I think it's assigned to hari
Almost at the office, will give mode details when I get there
@MatB virtual mat for standup today?
vmat 0.1 (beta) :p
K, I'll call you when it starts
@ChrisNeale http://www.reddit.com/r/AskElectronics/comments/19ayvq/mysterious_government_device/
@DouglasDrouillard the test is at 6:30 today on my calendar, is that alright with you?
k, switching the time
yeah, I should be able to do it today
cool
one sec
so it's all already in master?
k, lemme runs.
true that
also forgot to pull
:p
I ran bundle install && bundle exec db:migrate && bundle exec rails s
but forgot to pull before all that =(
even worse :p
oh oh
when I try bundle install
it gives me a "fatal error"
never seen this before
wait
I think it might have to do with my bundler version
I recently installed a new one
yeah, I was using 1.1.4 before
ok, it's working now
phew
ok, so I'm checking stats in the rep dashboard?
@MatB looks good to me
yup
@MatB wait
I don't see it updating
or rather
I saw the stats being sent to apollo via apollo logs
but the page did not update
right, after refresh, the stats were the same
I have redis and sidekiq running
not sure, I just ran bundle exec sidekiq on a different window
oooh
I got a routing error
I guess not.
Here are the sidekiq logs:
2013-02-27T21:41:00Z 29060 TID-yz0yw UserDataReporterWorker MSG-wmaug INFO: start\n2013-02-27T21:41:00Z 29060 TID-yz0yw UserDataReporterWorker MSG-wmaug INFO: event_class  = event_class\n2013-02-27T21:41:00Z 29060 TID-yz0yw UserDataReporterWorker MSG-wmaug INFO: userDataReporterWorker:  User: noj  Event: SDK_usage_report \n2013-02-27T21:41:00Z 29060 TID-yz0yw UserDataReporterWorker MSG-wmaug INFO: userDataReporterWorker: Event data: nil\n2013-02-27T21:41:00Z 29060 TID-yz0yw UserDataReporterWorker MSG-wmaug INFO: done: 0.01 sec\n
I think I'm a rep already (since I can see the rep dashboard)
is there a promote_to_admin! ?
k, lemme promote meself
I see the query happening in the apollo logs though, that looks fine, but is it ok that the sidekiq logs show the event data as nil?
ok
I got to the admin sidekiq panel
it says it processed 227 jobs
but doesn't seem like it has any busy/active workers I don't think
does it ajax update?
so I have to catch it in the right second? that's gonna be a challenge
/me rolls up his sleeves
oh, not the rep stuff, the sidekiq stuff
well, the sidekiq page tells me that it processed some jobs
oh, no, I mean, I saw it increment just now
when new stats came in
but rep dashboard is still zero
yeah, I'm checking for today, lemme look at other days
it says for the week, I have 144, and that hasn't changed since I started apollo
that's weird
I checked two weeks back
and the daily stats are always zero
even though the week's stat is 144
sure, what should I add?
is user_data_reporter?
services or workers?
restart apollo + sidekiq?
too late :p
Looks good to me
{\n                    :event => :SDK_usage_report,\n         :sdk_minutes_used => 1,\n              :sdk_version => "4.3",\n               :mixer_name => "simple-mobile",\n            :mixer_version => "1.0.97",\n                 :pkg_type => "unknown",\n        :incoming_requests => 3,\n        :outgoing_requests => 3,\n        :incoming_response => 3,\n        :outgoing_response => 3,\n    :incoming_ssl_requests => 0,\n    :outgoing_ssl_requests => 0\n}\n
@MatB gonna get a quick snack, be right back
@MatB I'm back, ready whenever you are, just ping me
k, giving it a try
@MatB it doesn't seem to be printing anything
oh
I see it
(in the sidekiq logs now)
2013-02-27T22:24:04Z 30960 TID-11aqzc UserDataReporterWorker MSG-gdn9o INFO: start\n2013-02-27T22:24:04Z 30960 TID-11aqzc UserDataReporterWorker MSG-gdn9o INFO: event_class  = event_class\n{\n                    :event => "SDK_usage_report",\n         :sdk_minutes_used => 1,\n              :sdk_version => "4.3",\n               :mixer_name => "simple-mobile",\n            :mixer_version => "1.0.97",\n                 :pkg_type => "unknown",\n        :incoming_requests => 0,\n        :outgoing_requests => 0,\n        :incoming_response => 0,\n        :outgoing_response => 0,\n    :incoming_ssl_requests => 0,\n    :outgoing_ssl_requests => 0\n}\n2013-02-27T22:24:04Z 30960 TID-11aqzc UserDataReporterWorker MSG-gdn9o INFO: userDataReporterWorker:  User: noj  Event: SDK_usage_report \n2013-02-27T22:24:04Z 30960 TID-11aqzc UserDataReporterWorker MSG-gdn9o INFO: userDataReporterWorker: Event data: nil\n2013-02-27T22:24:04Z 30960 TID-11aqzc UserDataReporterWorker MSG-gdn9o INFO: done: 0.01 sec\n
lemme check again
nope, still zero for today
=(
Anything else that I can do?  I can get the raw request the SDK sends to apollo and send that to you if that would help debugging.
no worries
oh?
oh?
weird
maybe it's SDK version related?
so you have stats from all versions?
=(
sure
one sec
no worries, I actually forgot to make my sdk point to localhost anyways :p
I was staring at the logs wondering why I didn't see the Stats call yet :p
k
@MatB still doesn't work =(
"music is all magic, you can't even hold it!!!!"
lol, wrong window for the music magic lyrics :p
@MatB good point, I just left the server running, let me try again and make sure I reauth
@MatB today's stats still say zero, also, the "this weeks's" stats now also say zero
Hmmm
nope, don't think so
I still see the data in the logs
I still have the "ap opts" in the lib/ folder
so when sidekiq runs
I can see that the data is there, and is correct
but when I refresh the reps/sdk_stats page, still says zero
yup
Hmmm
I did
Hmm
let me try doing a curl
I reauthed with localhost, so I got a new auth token, but I can try it
@MatB yeah, my auth token is valid
yeah
But I still see zero in rep/sdk_stats
yup
it returns 1 !
but I sent like, a million requests to it!
yeah
no matter how many requests I send it
it still shows 1
oh
that's from a week ago
where I got the 144 minutes (explaining why the 144 minutes show up for the all time score)
Yup, that's the commit I'm on
I feel like I must be doing something stupid
like
Maybe for some reason I can't connect to the db
no, that's not possible
and that worked
cause I made myself an admin
and that was persisted in the db
sigh
I see the data coming in through sidekiq logs....
for some reason it's just not persisting.
where's that?
/app/workers?
somehow everything is nil except the date!
!
#<DailyActiveUserMetric:0x000000068fc7c0> {\n                       :id => nil,\n                  :user_id => 370,\n              :date_in_pst => Wed, 27 Feb 2013,\n         :sdk_minutes_used => 0,\n              :sdk_version => nil,\n               :mixer_name => nil,\n            :mixer_version => nil,\n               :created_at => nil,\n               :updated_at => nil,\n        :incoming_requests => 0,\n        :outgoing_requests => 0,\n        :incoming_response => 0,\n        :outgoing_response => 0,\n    :incoming_ssl_requests => 0,\n    :outgoing_ssl_requests => 0\n
but shouldn't the data be filled in? It's all zero
hmm, ah, I see
ok, let's see
i see it!
2013-02-28T00:50:40Z 13714 TID-11se60 UserDataReporterWorker MSG-11k580 ERROR: userDataReporterWorker:  Cannot process job: unknown attribute: pkg_type
I can't believe I missed it before
der
soryr
I'm le dumb
here are the stats I'm sending:
replace with your auth token of choice
That file was taken from dumping what the SDK sends
which would explain why it doesn't work =(
Hmm, so it's something else with regards to the data I have?
but you said you can replicate the error if you use the data I sent yoU?
you*
I think doug might've already left
did you figure out what's wrong?
ah
I see...
okie doke, lemme check
yeah, running, no worries
yup, restarting all the things :p
(allthethings)
LOOKS GOOD!
sweet
truth
no problem
g'night!
I'm here, sup?
cool
wait
I'm I part of this group of 4?
cool
@MatB  sorry, have to work on ssl related things, can you guys handle the staging throttle?
fun
@MatB how can I test the js redirection?
okie dokie
I'm just gonna try hitting that URL first
does it work for all projects?
yup, I sees it
so
it seems to be working
or at least
the javascript is generated
(only when I enable it)
oh wait
the URL that shows up in the settings page
is the wrong URL
(it points to edgecast)
ok, should I open a ticket to get that updated?
cool
I see
that PR is wrong
but I can update it
quick question
ok, go ahead and close that one then
but, do we want to use relative schema for JS redirection?
or should we default to https?
what do you think?
ok, I'll force https then
true
@MatB do we want to enable JS redirection with this PR?
okie dokie...where's the code that sets it to display: none?
ahhh
ok
I'll let you handle that one then.
truth
?
are you calling my PR the devil?
:p
I'm sure the folks at hipchat are planning a wide set of emoji to introduce34
soooooo
how does the PR look? Are we good to merge?
should be fine, it's still hidden with display: none
it's a noop change really, the feature is not being used, and can't be.
also, it wasn't working before
worst thing that could happen is it remains not working :p
thanks guys
hardi har har
@MatB is there a reason why we have the "generate" word in the js_redirection path?
err
I guess it's too late to change
but it's a pretty disgusting path
should really be
sigh
I fail at life, should've fixed that while I still could've
cool beans
@MatB stupid question
do you include db/schema.db in commits?
coo
neat
Hmm
Hmmm
that is a good question
actually
I think we don't =(
but let me double check
ugh
it's good cause it won't overload apollo
but it's bad because it makes calculating the time hard
oh
ok
in that case
woot
um
verify that it wroks
works
and then turn it on in apollo layer
and then celebrate
g'night
Yeah, we talked to Hampton about it
He said he wanted to force people to upgrade
So he was fine with it.
In the future, we might have a more sophisticated generator that gives you different templates for different a
Different SDK versions
@MatB yes, old projects should be un affected
New SDK will always work with old mixers
That's the Moovweb promise (thumbsup)
neat!
sweet
I never thought I'd be this excited about the datas, but I'm pretty excited :p
WIZARD
He turned me into a newt!
surprised you're here's this early
wanted to finish some stuff
so I could concentrate on new stuff tomorrow
I saws you on the gchats, but you didn't reply there :p
oh, nifty
ah
@MatB
@MatB
@MatB
@MatB
@MatB
NOTIFICATIONS!
Ceiling kitten sends you @ messages
:p
you looks at my awesome PR? It's so sexy
wow
that was fast
I feel like I didn't have enough time to get excited about it
:p
do you know if we're having an apollo deploy sooN?
haha
I mean like, this week :p
also, jaja would kill me if we woke him up
he would prolly kill you too, but for that he'd have to go to scotland, and I think he's too lazy for that :p
or maybe he'd just order a hit on you
hahaha
alrighty, I think I'll go to beds now
I *think* I finished what I wanted to do
so hopefully tomorrow will be uninterrupted other stuffs
yup yup, laters :p
@MatB standup!
food time!
@MatB running multiple servers at once would do it, but that's kind of improbable since they would have to either use different ports or run them on different machines
truth :p
Hmm
oh
I think we had a bug
in a previous version of the SDK
where it would send the stats call twice
(twice every minute)
but it was fixed on newer versions of the sdk
is there a way to isolate the minutes used based on sdk version?
Hmmm
I don't think we should ignore them, but we send the sdk_version with the request right? Maybe we can make every one of their requests count .5?
(.5 minutes)
I think that version should be fine, but I can test it out by running a tcp dump
hrmrmrm
gonna have to make a JIRA issue to look into the stats reporting more carefully, unfortunately I can't do that right now.
Could you make one for me to dig into it on different SDK versions as well?
yeah
thanks
right
we reset every minute
hahaha
thanks
@all is anyone looking at that airbrake error in apollo staging?
cool
as long as we're aware of it and know that it'll be fixed, then we're good, it's staging after all :p
ok ok
I'm here
I know how to play with others
oooh
you're awake again
fancy that
:p
cool
yeah, checking now
yeah
i didn't like it either
but I was going for minimalist changing for now
yeah, i can make some of those changes
lemme work on it and submit a new request
basically the proxyToOrigin and originToProxy variables were passed in as JSON arrays, however, the javascript treated them like json maps
yeah
oh
I was gonna refactor now
it's a tiny change, I'll just do it :p
(check to make sure it's fine locally of course"
: p
yeah
needs to be the opossite
no worries
I gots it : p
oh
ok, I don't gots it : p
oh, phew
ok
I thought the double bang was necessary : p
yeah
we did that all the time
back in the day of bitwise ops
to make sure you truly had a zero or a one
and not just a bunch of different ones
yeah
it's amazing how optimized things can get
and how much you can gain
by just doing some more additions compared to one multiplication
loop unrolling is also much more efficient...but also makes code super unreadable : p
but I think compilers will do that for you sometimes
haha
they always warned us how dangerous O3 can be : p
FUD?
haha
so, cereal question:
these error messages are really long and make my one line code of "render :js => "stuff" and return if condition" loop around the screen.  What's the ruby-way to condense that?  I wanted to make class-level variables for each "stuff", does that make sense?
ah, sounds good
oooh, fancy
excellent
is there a single word that means "not configured"?
don't make me put that in our code base : p
yeah, that's what I'm doing now
ok
tested locally, looks good
commiting
plzreviewkthnxigoppnow
shit
typo
lemme fix
NO YOU DIDN"T THAT DIDN"T HAPPEN >.>
okie doke
all goods now
I saw the .blank?
changing that now
should I remove the rescue_from line at the top if I do a begin/rescue block?
sounds good, that way I'll also make render_error private (wasn't sure if I could before because of the rescue_from function)
so should I wrap the entire contents of the method in the begin rescue?
k
lol, yeah
something wen't horribly wrong, please seek refuge at your nearest bomb shelter
: p
and just rescue Exception => e ?
or rescue StandardException => e ?
k
sounds good
alrighty
take a looksy, lemme know what you think
noice
i guess we should wait for travis to finish
cool
oh, no worries
I actually have something else to work on
so I'm staying up a bit longer
neat
sweet
alright
I'm off now
You're taking time off for the rest of the week, right?
no worries
in general, I'd like to help out with apollo more
if I can, of course
ah, ok
yeah, definitely
alrighty, nighty nighty
yep yep
sorry
lemme see
Ok, that sucks, and is quite odd....hmm
can you file a JIRA ticket to me for 4.3?
if there's one there, just make sure it's assigned to me under Fix Version:  4.3
Hmm
keep in me in the loops
if it's release to prod, I can put it in the build box
also, what do you mean move it out of nosaka controller?
ok
ahh
actually
feel free to move everything there
just make sure the old routes work
for the time being
then when I make the transition in the build box
I'll give you the OK to remove the old routes
well, staging buildbox depends on staging git
but it should be pretty easy to set up.
true
I did the changes for that in the SDK, but I remembered that Hampton was against it before, so I wanted to talk to him again before I committed them.
yeah, and that's the tricky part, making sure it's not exposed to users :p
ok, sounds good
I got my hands full anyways, so take your time :p
yeah, we call build_finish at the end of every build
heh
taking a look
@MatB looks good to me
I pointed out some typos in the test cases
but other than that
should be good
I would like to test locally
to make sure the API calls work
but other than that, looks good
ok
I'll take a look tonight
sequence, like build number?
I don't think we should allow people to mess with that
build version*
Hmm, not the build version, there was some debate about that, but I think we decided to just have it auto-increment and not let people edit it.
what's the build prefix?
oh, and that's editable?
i see
I would say, let the prefix change, but not the version sequence
yeah, so I think I talked to doug
and he mentioned that no one ever used the major and minor versions
while working on projects
yeah
yeah, i agree
also, I vote for the default prefix to be "v"
so we have
v1
v2
v3
(like heroku)
but anything that makes sense is good I suppose :p
oh, that's ugly
can we just make it "v"? =D
^.^
thanks you =3
@ MatB (not actually @ing you cause I don't want to wake you up :p) checked what's in the branch right now, looks good, buildbox is happy =D
kk
@MatB Yeah, I think that's a good idea if it's possible
but also
that PR you just made
@SeanJ didn't like the idea of the "v" prefix
=(
RBDD?
hahahaha
is it a legit holiday?
I just figured
that for the normal case
v is pretty and short
and if someone wants to change it
they can
but @SeanJ's point is legit
true, but that's also kind of appealing to the case where people will do that, no?
that's mostly just their choice (whether their workflow includes staging and prod projects
I guess
it'll just look so ugly
and long
for normal users
non enterprisey users.
but yeah
I mean
I don't know
I'm just saying things
ignore me
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMNJuSl91qY
@MatB I had a super intense conversation with @SeanJ
blood was shed
cubicles were table flipped
Mrs. Owlicious was a casulty
nopes
but we are going to make the default prefix "v" now =D
so you get to revert your revert :p
woots
looking
looks good
sorry, I haven't had a chance to look into this in the SDK side
true
is anyone out there?
so you can review my PR!
cool
/me crosses fingers
@MatB have you seen the conversation from last night in the Ops room?  There was a small bug in the stats collection
cool
i see
looks good to me
lol, Z is looking at it
it's SDK stuff
I was just being silly yesterday
but if you want to look at it, please do!
neat
coooooooool
You've made me a happy camper
Yeah, they will
I have to edit that, I didn't want to make the changes until it was pushed to prod
excellent
yeah, I'll use the new ones prolly
(flutteryay)
@MatB what are the routes for the new api calls again?
k
@MatB I noticed not all the older api calls have been transfered to the new schema, what should I do about /nosaka/host_registration and /nosaka/host_map_registration ?
okie dokie
heh
@all hey guys, I'm having trouble making PUT requests in ruby, it seems that whenever I try it out, the server interprets it as a POST
can anyone help poor ol' nojy out?
he has tried the googles
and the googles answers yield the same results
I need it to be generic, so the same code has to handle post and get requests as well
I had this:
http = Net::HTTP.new(host, port)\n            param_data = params.collect { |k,v| "#{ k }=#{ v }" }.join("&")\n            total_path = @path\n            total_path = "#{ @path }?#{ param_data }" if !param_data.nil? && !param_data.empty?\n            res = http.send_request(type, total_path)
where type = "PUT"
nope, apollo thought it was a POST
yeah, I'm trying that now
hmm
doug figured it out
rails spoofs PUT requests
so I have to do a POST and pass the extra parameter "_method=PUT"
I'm gonna refrain from updating the routes for now
I updated the BB to use the new version numbers
but I can't get the new routes to work =(
Can you get me a curl that maybe triggers the build update?
with that, I can spend more time messing around how to simulate the curl with ruby
for new one
thanks
no rush in this obviously, so just whenever you have spare time
@MatB it would be like what we do for generating projects.  Call a script on the build box
same directory as the previous one, the script would be....
build.sh account/project username
yeah, this will register a new build and go through the whole process
so user mdayaram rebuilding a new moovweb/cox  => call "build.sh moovweb/cox mdayaram" in the build box
oh
no, this is rebuilding
not build copying
build copying requires a different script in the build box
we should talk about how build copying will work
Hmm, that is trickier, but we can probably roll off that into the same copying script
ideally, the copying script could also take care of normal builds
and then we can deprecate the old scripts which can only handle single builds :p
Hmmm, well, the simple rebuild action would only rebuild the latest code base
at least if you decide to use the command I gave you above
Yeah, that's what we have to work out =D
actually
I can probably edit the current build script to take in two more parameters
rebuild for latest build is code complete for BB right now
not sure how you want to separate the terminology
for rolling back to a previous commit and just rebuilding the latest
but yeah, using a different source and hash for that source will require changes in the build scripts
truth =)
does it work on windows?
Right click @MatB, Run with Administrator Priveledges
(awyeah)
yeah
I'm getting an expired certificate error
Looks like it expired today
semi lolsy
yes
the SDK was relying on that cert to do api calls
I guess it was using that wildcard one
@all SDK looks good now
yeah, I'm reading it
@MatB this is awesome, no worries on not finishing the rest, it's definitely a start and it's the right way to go
too pro
And I guess you're kind of blocked by me in terms of the copy project feature
I'll try to get that in tomorrow hopefully.  I don't think I can do that today unfortunately.
true, but on the speed you work at, you'll probably have all that done by the end of the week :p
@MatB we're doing standup, do you want to tell me what you did, if you're blocked, and what you'll do today and I'll be your proxy?
blocked on anything?
@MatB that was neat
@all let's rewrite apollo in LOLCODE: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LOLCODE
apparently not
@MatB status update?
daily notes
what you'll work on today, and if you're blocked
cool,
morning!
damn you work fast
I haven't managed to do anything >.>
lol
hmm
the per letter pagination is pretty slow
k, later
okie dokie
lemme see
what's the problem?
oh, I see
yeah
the project cannot be duplicated because you have a hardcoded hostname
You need to remove that mapping
yeah, the problem here it seems is that for some reason you want mlocal to map to kirby.lvh.me:3000 instead of a heroku setup
if you want to leave that there
I would do
(running with --auto-hosts)
lemme see if I can help ishan directly.
@MatB I worked with Ishan, problem should be fixed.
oh, standup right now, the weekly one, not the daily one
yeah, it's weird
we're having our usual weekly standup now
and we'll have the daily one after I think?
I dunno, there's mixed feelings :p
I don't have a computer to hook you in right now =(
I believe he did
what?
really?
my computer no longer points at a direction appropriate to include you in the standup talks
so it would have to be Sean who sets it up with his laptop
(rdcry)
we did hear that your VISA was submitted =D
:p
Do you have a timeline on when the visa will go through?
=(
heh
well, we definitely need to figure out the standup situation
thanks, I saws
yeah
we'll have to see
try it out
it's not a breaking change, if anything, the functionality will remain the same
so we can afford to try it out and check
I can test the standard SDK calls locally
definitely login
so once you merge
I'll test locally
and that should give some confidence
I could always do SDK against local apollo, the problematic one was staging
still can't do staging (at least last I tried)
Yeah, so just ping me whenever it gets merged in and I'll try the standard stuff
:p
indeed
cool, testing now
What's the quick way to fix this?  Delete that account/project?
but I can't find it =(
I tried this:
Account.find_by_name("66-techcrunch")
and it returned nil
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooh
was it
eotechgear?
how do I delete a record in rails console?
is there a delete! function?
I see
I thought I was being all fancy and cool
by using rails console
ok
I think it's done
let's try again
@MatB tested key stealing and other sdk functionality locally
as far as I can tell, things look good
has my stamp of approval for getting released to prod
@MatB tested key stealing and all SDK apis, looks good
yup yup!
@MatB question
how much of a problem do you think it would be to allow our VPN/Office IP address to be part of the IP address pool that apollo checks to see if the request is coming from an internal IP?
aka, I want to test internal API calls from my desk comp :p
test/use
Hmmm
perhaps we can have then a new SDK api call
Hmm, nah, well
hmm
this is hard :p
I'm writing a test tool that will cycle through all released mixers and run the tests against all of them
in jenkins, it will work fine (since jenkins is within the internal ip range)
but locally the tests would fail because we're not in the correct ip range
the api call that I'm using is the versions_controller api call (to get the set of all released mixers given a mixer name)
I agree that making hte office IP part of internal is probably not safe
Hmm
@MatB do you have some time to talks?
I noticed that we're exposing a "type" of the versions controller publicly:
but it looks like they're both outputting the same information
I see, yeah, i see that now
ok, so I'll just use that same controller then
thanks, that's it :p
ok
@MatB I have some small changes that I'd like to request to the versions controller (the public facing one)
but I'll just make a ticket about it.
same thing is happening to me for the legal link (the second one)
maybe the browser just has a set number of redirects it allows, and we're one over?
oh that's it
yeah, probably because the redirect is cached
you have to close the old one
if you have multiple incognito sessions they all share the same session
oh
yeah, I can repro consistently on the first one
that should be fine
(at least for me it is)
yeah, they both fail for me too
I tried changing the link to "https" but it didn't work =(
weird
still got the error
oh
wait
it works now
I used a fresh session :p
so
and it worked
you have to use a new session
for it to work
lemme try again, maybe I forgot something
hmm
yeah, isn't working now...weird
ah
so
the second link
works if you change it to https://console
but the first one doesn't
this is bazaar
I'm looking at the controllers in apollo
they are two separate controllers
but they have the same configs in terms of which filters they skip, etc...
no, I think that's fine.  we changed them to https and it still didn't work
guys
what the fuck?
I'm getting a 301 redirect to the same link
there's your problem :p
doesn't happen with legal
-I means just show me the response headers
-k : verify HTTPS cert
-v : verbose, show me all the things
Hmm
sure, I'll make a new one that sticks to the standard (since we're not really using the old one)
but yeah, also gonna get lunchies
you crazy kids
releasing apollo on a weekend
omg
plz take pics
when that happens
oh
btw
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAT!
hopefully not too mature.
ha
so was this an emergency release because it was your birthday and you got drunk with power?
ah, fair enough
cool
sleepy time for Mat ?
omg, I'm surprised you did that to begin with
yeeeeeah
although
drunk coding can be very gratifying
I did some this morning =D
It's a lot cleaner than I expected
mostly because people kept taking their shoes off
haha
yeah, I guess if people see a bunch of shoes, they'll take theirs off.
no, I meant everclearer ;)
cool
i tested a push
looks good
and the sdk
also looks good
oh, forgot to test key borrowing
cool
sounds like a sketchy fellow
I hope you were able to steal it back.
excellent.
better safe than sorry
I think I remember seeing his name in the hackersphere
haha
g'night
omg
@MichaelCatlin you're doing support issues right now?
what happened to helpdesk policy?
ooooooh
btw
I see what you needed to leave early for now.
I forgot if you guys left before/after the cops incident.
haha
anywho
need to get back to cleaning
he wrote down me and my roommate's name on something
but he didn't give us anything, so I assume it's a warning.
haha
"when off duty, contact these folks"
"...for a good time"
alrighty, I'm off
later guys
oooh
URL no worky for me
weird
tells me website doesn't exist =(
anywho, no worries about that
did you see the prod error from airbrake?
Hmmm, are you running moovweb server right now with auto-host?
weird.
yeah, probably some environment issue for me then
I'll mess around with it later
@MatB how do I run rspec tests locally?
or rather, just a few specific tests
cool, thanks, yeah, I figured it out :p
also, we're getting a lot of airbrake errors on the ssl flow =/
ah, I see
ok, as long as it's not a code issue, then there's not much we can do
so you think it might be someone just uploading a crappy cert?
I see
>.>
(noooo)
eek
is that truly necessary?
@MatB that's pretty cool
cool
but
isn't that for consumers?
the thing you quotes said "non-consumers"
like nooppy and stuff?
ah, I see
@MatB looks good? I ran tests locally, they all passed.
ooh
ok
cool, I'll make those fixes
so for the params[:id] change
if I change it to params[:name]
does that mean I need to make a new route for it?
so instead of resources :versions do
get 'versions/:name', on :member
end
?
cool, got it
=/
@MatB when I tried the resource block match, it gave me a routing error =(
resources :versions, only: [:index] do\n        match ':name' => "#show"\n      end
@MatB so I tried adding ", : on => : member" at the end of the match line, and turned the match into a "get"
still gives me a routing error.
=(
lol
wait
I want to do this  right
if there is a way to do it
I want to do it...
I guess I'll keep messing with it a bit more before I give up is what I'm saying :p
or maybe we should stick to using the params[:id] trick?  That was the original code that I copied from the older versions controller
cool
looks good to me
=(
sorries
hopefully that's tomorrow?
:p
so I noticed we don't have a match inside a resources block that uses a parameter anywhere else in the routes.
I tried looking at the routes for project (since that's essentially what I wanted to do)
so should I open up a scope?
oh, no, not that, let me give it a go.
I've been reading blog posts about rails routing
not many people do match/gets inside a resource block.
yeah
none of those work =(
I guess just merge what we have now
le sigh
yeah...@MatB I give up, merge away :p
When is the next apollo deploy?
ah, ok
one sec
um
html-org is not standard...must be something someone added.
heh
g'night sir
thanks for your help with the versions
hahah
laters
so 120 people actually went home and downloaded it
that's wicked!
Yeah, that's a common problem if compass is installed via rvm
yeah
didn't LV say that we don't have to force them to do it, but maybe just suggest it?
Like, maybe when they log in, they can get a red popup box saying "your password is over 90 days old, click here to change it"
rmrmrmrmrm
yeah, I don't know...I would prefer not to force me to change my password
but
obviously this is bigger than that.
Talk to Hampton about it maybe?
that's even more annoying
he might not be available to talk right now >.>
I think those are all reasonable for now
and it's a good step in the right direction
we can gauge the other stuff more carefully
but the ones you listed seem safe
should be resolved with 4.3 + new mixer
@cneale I see no dancing taking place
=(
heh
@MatB you busy?
I wanted to talk to you about how the building projects from different source project and versions is going to work
I played around with it a bit and I realized that it would require a lot more apollo help than I originally anticipated.
Hmm, yeah, let me just throw the problems I'm facing now, just so that you're aware, and if you come up with any brilliant ideas, let me know :p
otherwise, I realize you're not scheduled to work on this for a while
but figured it couldn't hurt to let it ferment in your head until then :p
Unless you're super busy right now, in which case, I can always let it ferment in mine
ah, brilliant!
I'll do that ;)
is he using his username during moov login? (he needs to use his email)
First one, order maters
Well be in office in a minute, let's talk then
clear cache/cookies?
oh snap
Shouldn't it be the current host?
oh wait, that's a comment, nevermind
oh
I have the loop too
I try to sign in, and it redirects me to the sign_up
yes
um
not too sure about that I suppose.
but now that I think about it
I think it's a feature of our platform
ok
so
I cleared my cookies
and resigned in to console
And now the only cookie I have
so
so
yeah, me and @DouglasDrouillard discussed, looks like the cookie you get by travelling to m.console might override the cookie you get from console.
but they don't override eachother.
I have arrived
Tell me your problems
and I shall attempt not to noj them.
(yarly)
(troll)
cool\
so should I merge?
usually someone else merges
I'm intimidated
kk
I'll do it!
I did it!
nobody is looking at my PR's (rdcry)
(fwp)
it's not for prod
it's just for the jenkins job
I can add that myself
no worries, you won't have to ;)
vroom vroom?
sup?
@DouglasDrouillard PR is updated
cool, thanks
@all console is done
503
it's better now, nvm, I'm crazy
@hcatlin you should probably search for projects that have github.com in their hostmap rather than the project name
I would love you forever
but
would that delete the slugs and giedi info as well?
I was waiting for the API call to delete a project to become available (there's a JIRA ticket about it) and then I was gonna write a script to delete all of them
wait, what?
how can a project have an email?
and password?
so you changed my username and password?
oh, not for prod?
ok....
wait, why did you do that though?
oooooh
ok, gotcha
now that I have this fancy dump, how do I load it up?
thank you sir
will that override the old usernames and passwords that I have?
cool
true that.
too pro
why do you need to specify the socket?
fun
@hcatlin will you be able to give your talk on Thursday?
we can change it
although
friday is also yoga
so it would have to be pushed to 12:30 or something
what do you think?
@hcatlin so you're good for Thursday? Or did you want to change it to Friday 12:30?
@hcatlin should I keep you on Thursday, or did you want to switch to Friday @12:30?
nope
but it would be at 12:30
so I'll go ahead and move it?
Ok, @hcatlin I moved it to Friday at 12:30
I'm going to invite the rest of the company, so now it's official :p
can you give me a description of the talk?
short
shortish*
k
saw that, probably need to update a test I forgot to check
yep, a bunch of tests :P
haha
that's funny
maybe it's broken?
or doesn't work
wooo
what do you mean by track?
the User-Agent used by the SDK for api calls?
that only contains the moov version and the OS type (linux, mac, windows)
brew install redis?
(truestory)
(badass)
nope, only when you run/test apollo
yup
(catbug)
@cneale so many PRs today
someone's on fire
choo choo
oooh
@MatB so generates are now a background sidekiq job?
ah, ok
cool
yeah, and actually, it would break some stuff =/
I see
yeah, still looking at it.
So what does the UserDataReporter do?
is that just to log the event?
ah, ok
cool, I se
see*
@MatB it looks good as far as I can tell
I made some suggestions
but nothing major
although, you're right, being the big changes that they are, definitely need to test locally to make sure current and older SDK's are not broken
yeah, tomorrow should be fine
I'm about to pass out today, and I don't have my work laptop with me anymore, so today is no good
sounds good
right
I think it should be
"your login is your email"
because that is true
@MatB are your API changes in master?
ah, cool, thanks
I see
ok, let me know when it's committed to the branch, then I'll run my checks against the branch
I'm going to be unavailable between 11:45 up to 1pm anyways, so no rush
@MatB gonna check api calls now.
@MatB I'm getting this error:
I don't expect the command to succeed (cause I dont' have ssh access to the box), but I didn't expect that particular error
yeah, I expected something like "ssh connection refused"
cool, lemme retest
heh
cool, looks good now
btw, this was testing 4.0
gonna test 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, and 4.4 next...
though if it works for 4.0, I'm pretty confident the rest will be fine.
@MatB yeah
oooh, let me check
hmmm
doesn't look like it's working
It should say "User mdayaram does not have access to repo sean/cancancan"
instead I get the generic error message
le sad
I'll look into it later
it's not too important
ooooh
it's hard to check in staging since it's in regards to the git api
yeah
don't think we can
It's an internal API, so it has to be done from within the network
yeah, we can't really do much :p
I tried it out locally extensively and it was working well, if you wanna verify, that's also good.
yeah, I can try that out
@MatB feature check API in a nutshell:  We want to be able to restrict what people can run locally based on their account/user/project.  So the API is basically a route for the SDK to ask apollo the question "Can this user use this feature for this account/project?" and apollo responds with "yes" or "no"
Right now, the only thing we care about is if the project is enterprise or not, so that's what the route is doing.
checking if the project you're using is enterprise or not.
but it might be more complicated in the future.
@MatB nothing in the SDK is using it yet, so if you feel that it needs changes, please feel free to make them.
I believe we wanted to stick checks in 4.5, so we wanted to get this out in apollo in 4.4 to make dev easier in 4.5, but I don't think there's a rush for it.
yup, np
I did the best I could while you were away since Chris and Doug were busy as they could be :P
(troll)
eep
luckily we caught it on staging (content)
@MatB API for SDK looks good
unfortunately, we can't test the actual generation part until production
but everything else looks good
I'll test the feature stuff in staging, though that's pretty loose
Hmmmm, I think it's a mixer issue, not an engine issue
so you have to upgrade the mixer
@hari knows more about it
yea
@MatB in apollo, how can you tell if a user is a Moovweb employee?
is that even a thing?
:p
I think there's some kind of role that dictates it or something
Hmm
I see
so
@aaron
Hmm
seems he's not in this room.
oen second
@all watch out, @noj is messing with apollo again
@MatB thanks
@cneale no
the project name is used all over the place
we'd have to do an audit through all our infra to figure out if it would be ok
yeah, and I'm not sure what that limit is, sooooo, yeah, if we decide to increase the count, it will require some work
This is very true
the lack of one shames me into not wanting to bring my laptop in public
wrong room :p
but I will take it
@cneale I saw your ticket so I added it to hazasite
juan actually has to add it to hipchat though
yup
manual ftw.
I *wish* I had automatic detection
Doug is back!
?
hahah
office on the top, PJs on the bottom
@MatB does apollo automatically mark a build as fail if it's in a "In Progress" state for too long?
probably something we should add, sara pushed her project and killed the build in the middle, so the scripts never called build_finish
it just did :p
lol
I thought it should too
=( you're probably right
half joking, :p
hahah
wow
github, what are you doing here?
@cneale @MatB if I recall, the resolution of the argument was that if you plan on sharing a lot of code, you use one project and decide what transformations to use based on user agent detection, otherwise, if the sites will be rather different, you use two projects.
yar
heh
wooo, key borrowing!
er
stealing reeally :p
yeah
yeah, I remember checking this with heroku
or when we first were dealing with this
I wondered how heroku handled it
and I tried it out
and it was a clusterfuck
and that was the day I vowed that we would be better than them :p
we have to do the same sometimes
not sure when we do and when we don't though
heh
h4x0r3r
(content)
@all In apollo, do we have any meta-data on mixers?  Like, which ones are transformers, and which are normal?
hey Chris!
omg, that's so cool!
do you have a fire in there?
Sweet
Pics or it didn't happen
lol
Excellent
sad*
sand pandas are completely different
(fwp)
everyone knows if you are serious about killing yourself, you do \wrists, not /wrists :p
sad pandas all around though
platform is sad because go1.1 is buggy, plus performance, plus testing fails
and shit just breaks down
yeah, @cneale you need to go to the ops and platform room on occasion to share the spirits
also, that video is ridiculously sad
emo-sad
haha
I have no idea
I don't see why not
but then again, I don't have a good understanding of pjax
oh yeah, def
I always considered this a pretty good example of high school emo life: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BE_0m5OkyN4
lol
using console
without any styling
would grind my gears like crazy
I could neverf
You're a better man than I
later, have fun!
@SeanJ I think someone already did that
or rather
I think that ticket is done.
ah, ok
I see
cool, looks good
access denied?
oh
you're trying staging?
wait, no, that's still weird that it failed
Hmmm
actually
no
that makes sense
you're talking to staging apollo
but production git
so you create the project in staging apollo
when you try to clone it though, the project doesn't exist in prod apollo
so the git access check fails
because the project doesn't exist.
Yes, the project is generated, but it's a headless project =/
A git repo exists for it
but apollo doesn't know, so there's no way to get to them.
i am here!
who hath summoned me?
WHO I SAY?!?!
ah
young Neale
You must run
the "build.sh account/project username" script!
the path to the build.sh script is the same path as all the other BB scripts
indeed
(indeed)
welcomed!
@MatB ^.^
I think for that is fine
to return Access denied
the custom error message is mostly for when we're doing maintenance
and we need to block everyone
cool
nice
my eyes will be more than happy to oblige :p
already on it :p
checking out: finished all migration tests to canary, found several mixer bugs, fixed several mixer bugs, helped josh with EBS migrations for jenkins
/wrists is what I usually do :p
although I really like the (lemon)-///-o
lol
This chat room would be the best suicide hotline :p
because @noj is useless :p
guys, I can haz rep powers in apollo so I can haz rebuildz?
@MatB do you wanna grab me before you leave today to test the git push thign?
thing*
cool
Hmm, that's also fine.  Tomorrow morning will be hectic though.  If we can get it done today, it should be good
And theoretically, if we do end up blocking git push access to people, they should see a friendly message saying why, so it shouldn't be too bad =D
sounds goods
oh snapple
@MatB  do you wanna test the git block now?  I have leave in half an hour
sure
sure, no worries
cool, lets try it out
yeah
I got one
oh
we shouldn't block reads
yeah, they're harmless
Hmm
well
I guess
that scenario is very unlikely
but possible
maybe we could eventually add a setting to chose to block only reads or only rwrites
in the future
alrighty, I'm ready
lemme know when you are
yup
pushing
we're good
now enables!
clone is working
so is push
we're good
hi five
You beat me to it :p
haha
heh, if only there was an irnbru icon
haha
true
yeah, brew is used here on occassion, but it's not as prevalent
fancy brew!
quite!
mixer update?
Yeah, I believe this is done, this is talking about mixer_validate call
I believe
it definitely works, we've tested it before, I say it's good to close
yup yup
alrighty, I'm off
laters
oh god no
please
don't encourage that :p
lol
award of shame for random person in the office
drinking buddy for Mat
you take double the shots
@MatB what's the API call to delete a projec?
project*
Hmmm, so the SDK doesn't know what the ID of the project is, is there a way we can get a route where we supply the account and project name?
Hmmm
ah
ok
so if I wanted to delete a project in my account
then it would be
/projects/projname?account_name=mdayaram
+ the token of course
right
ok, cool, thanks
I'm just thinking about this since as soon as I put it in the SDK, it's gonna be something we have to support for forevers
@MatB sorry, was out for lunch
So, should I go ahead and the current API call to the SDK, or would you rather me wait until a new more restful path is created it?  I figure since apollo is the one that will have to maintain these paths, it's up to you
yeah
so
I don't know how urgent this is anymore
I haven't heard any complaints from people as of late
and this is because back in 4.4 I added a *bunch* of checks before we tried creating a project
I think those are helping mitigate the problem, but there's still one or two scenarios where we can't do anything about it, and we'd have to delete the project.
But those are probably rare
so personal opinion is that we can wait
but maybe we should consult with someone about it
You need to install the installer again
er
run the installer again
ideally, you would uninstall your old installation
from control panel
and then install the new one
LUNCH!
lemme see
yup, that hsould be fine
works like a charm
no worries
y?
meh?
it looks the same?
(to a linux user like myself that is)
/me is terrified
:p
@cneale you might want to ask Tarun about that
Beware though, he might daze and confuse you.
truth
alicorn squad ;)
@MatB Sean is not around, I was wondering if you could release a couple of mixers for me in apollo >.>
yar
in admin panel, I would assume in the location where you release things, release the macys-http-transformers (2.0.48) and the macys-simple-mobile (2.0.44) mixers, and also mark the min_sdk_version for both of them to be 4.4.77
wooo
@MatB sean is back, I coudl ask him to do it if you haven't yet
>.> gonna ask Sean :p
ooh, ok, cool, thanks!
Hmm, nah, probably not, not in qa yet
nah
nope
just the macys ones, we're doing a special hack for them
those are secret, we should not talk about them in insecure channels >.>
you needs the spaces
(lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon) (lemon)
@Miles I would just add a bunch of monitoring on it, monitor memory, all port access, etc...
if nothing happens within a month or so
then kill
also, maybe @hcatlin knows about it
I like the hcat
guys
I just saw the biggest PR ever
on the apollo-layer
nvm, ignore me
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMNJuSl91qY
uh
i dunno
that used to be logstash
which is what I would look at before
but I don't have to look at it anymore
if we don't need it
ah, you'll have to ask @MatB or @cneale  about that
kk
noice
I can't remember the last time I ran apollo locally
you guys be cray cray
I think I read a book about that
it was called
baby steps
Hmmm, sure
lolsy
That baby really wants to learn how to walk
you wear pink regularly
too conf
in the america, we like the abbrev
don't worry, you'll have plenty of time to learn them all once you get here ;)
you can tell if a joke is sexual if people are giggling in the background :p
(dumb) and (iseewhatyoudidthere) are probably the closest things you'll get in hipchat :p
@Currin >.>
but what if you fork them?
>.>
At Square, my roommate told me they play a song in the loudspeaker whenever they deploy their app (which happens roughly once a day).
@Currin you didn't use the (iseewhatyoudidthere) emo!
t.myEngines
on paper =)
Sure >.>
I think it's safer to assume all jokes are sexual
(iseewhatyoudidthere)
no, we t.engine them, unless they're using the t.mobile recipe
http://i.qkme.me/3v1tad.jpg
t.engine!
<3
good morning
one and all
i have a le question
is it afternoon in scotland?
lol
I was trying to be funny and call it scot-land, and then I realized that's its actual name.
I'm clearly not in the right mind today.
so you will have to help me out a bit :p
Trying to understand the difference between these two build box API calls: host_map_register and hostnames_register
sorry, that's host_map_registration and host_registration
well
my intent was something like "how are things in americaland"
but scotlandland sounds silly
hahaha
done
How are things in the english suburbs? :p
(badass)
anyways, about me api calls :p
theory time!
I see, so it must be needed for js redirection
yeah,
I also noticed
that the host_map_registration function calls the same routine that host_registration calls
so I was wondering if we could skip host_registration and just call host_map_registration (since it looks to be doing that and more).
yeah
in models/project.rb, 113 and 124
yeah, no worries
(caruso)
@MatB that is correct
>.>
someone say tea party?!?! (indeed)
(luna)
(lunagasp)
@NaseemMakiya I pushed recently at it was fine, what's the problem?
hmmm
I can push fine, but it seems I can't generate
Hmmm, where are you guys seeing the apollo logs?
none of the logging services are working for me
don't know...having trouble using the logs
yeah
can't generate
but pushing is fine
which is weird
hmm
yup
@all generates are back up
I broke something
but it's fixed now
le sad, sorries (rdcry)
@MatB do you have a second to discuss host controller optimizations?
I have an idea, but is kind of wonky, so wanted to discuss with you
sure
that's fine
Guys
I'm at the doctors office
Well, I'm here, so let's hear it :p
Nope, phoning it
Yar
What of it?
Right
t.engine
it's a field in t
foo.engine
Is there a Rotary engine?
I hear those are nifty
Can I have a manual transmission with a t.engine?
heh
LOL
that's awesome
or an RPM gauge
bigger engine gets you more max RPMs
yay credits
@MatB I don't see it anymore, did we remove the feature to change the build version prefix?
i see, cool, thanks
@all someone give me a name and version of a mixer that has been archived
jenkins needs n8.enginess
v8.engines
ruby people
what does this mean?
File.basename(path)[ 0 ] == ?.
I've never seen a string being compared to ?.
and I have no idea what ?. means
nope, just ?. with no quotes
in IRB
"." == ?.
returns true
but everything else I"ve tried returns false
I saw it online, and I was like, wtf?
but I want to understand what the guy was doing
really?
so ?<char> is the same as "<char>"
hmm
ok, yeah, that's messed up
good, it should, that's a crazy ass feature :p
yeah
yeah, that makes sense now
file size?
oh js and ruby
so cray cray
oh ruby
yeah
so cray cray
that Futures thing made me realize how awesome that kind of stuff can be
but you can also make it ridiculously crazy
screw that, absolute favorite: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LOLCODE
random lol of the day in ruby land:  "unexpected $end, expective keyword_end"
yeah
means the build_update API call failed
Hmm
lemme look at the logs
yeah
prolly failed because of the thingy I did
failed? so fast
I'm gonna try a push for my test project
yeah
looks like it.
same here, getting the error on everything
did we push apollo today?
er, deploy it today?
must've broken the api call
testing
Looking good
yup, was able to register
build success
heh
@cneale the link in the build failure emails is wrong
k
I'm not in the dog patch
/me feels left out.
build failed =(
+ bundle exec rake db:test:load db:test:prepare\nRun `rake db:migrate` to update your database then try again.\nYou have 1 pending migrations:\n  20130715024142 RevertBillingPlan\nBuild step 'Execute shell' marked build as failure
I'm not a rep
page looks fine
http://i.qkme.me/3v6k8r.jpg
@JajaB , so good
k, no more jokes.
(thumbsup)
not all moovweb employees
I'm not a rep
ermrmrm, that sounds somewhat scary...
not all moovweb employees should be allowed that kind of power
yes, but still, just seems like a slippery slope
having a role for it allows for more things to be attached
we'll have to introduce a new role in the future if we want to give some people more power.
but we already do, so why get rid of it?
that's funny, seems like such a benign thing....I wonder what about them makes them so failure prone.
heh
but aren't all migrations mostly that?
well
I guess most are adding/removing columns/tables
I guess so?
before sleepy time
@SeanJ I deployed 4.5.72 with the static paths fix
please pre-release that one.
alrighty, g'night guys...
oh
right, forgot about those guys...
alrighty
bazinga?
Create a ticket with ops, CC me in it :p
make sure you include a 25x25 pixel PNG of the emoji :p
dude
that is
fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine
@cneale sorry, what's the problem?
@cneale it's possible that the build_register call will have the git_hash set to 00000, however, this should be corrected on the build_update call that we do after cloning the projec.t
project*
Also, you are right, this will happen more often now because of a change I made recently.
(thumbsup)
@MatB lots of pictures, hopefully will be released
also
filtered? pffffffffffft
please
I will send you the uncensored version ;)
But yeah, it was pretty wild
wish you were there
I got propositioned, it was intense
lots of fun
had tacos at the end
can't complain
nah
no one came over my place this time.
no, that's disgusting :p
It was a wednesday night, which means most people got plastered by 10pm and needed to go home by then :p
haha
@NaseemMakiya that's weird, the Via header message should be cookie independent
That's really odd...hmmm
that is bizarro
code wise, cookies would do nothing to prompt that message
UNLESS
did the mixer.lock file change for apollo recently?
It's possible that you were getting a cached page, and deleting the cookie changed the hash of the cache.
bai
clutch
A1
indeed
./build.sh moovweb/sanrio-prod mdayaram build_id
1 - account/project
2 - username
3 - build_id
lol
is project index only slow because of my projects?
wait, what's stats controller?
:p
@cneale do you know if the mixer archiving/buggy label thing went out during today's release?
Hmmm
excellent
how I can do?
me tries
hmm
all the dropdown menus are broken in linux
in the admin panel
they're in constant dropdown mode
and I can't undrop them.
sure
Then it'll just build the most recent stuff using git
using git though
so
if for example
build v4 was a rebuild from build_id 50
if you call the build script without an id, then it'll build the latest in the git repo, which is v3, not v4
because v4 was a rebuild
from a different version
I tried clicking on the link at the top, it broke
will do
@MatB it didn't work =(
I marked simple-http-transformer (2.0.6) as buggy and gave it the "2.0.51" version to upgrade to
Hmm, you guys are busy, I'll just put it in the ticket
yeah
we send apollo
an extra param
during the build_update API call
I think it's
src_build_id
if that's sent and is not empty
then it's from zip
otherwise it's from git
also, @MatB ignore my previous comments, buggy mixer feature works fine!
It's the build id
yup yup
that's this?
lol
oooh
request map
cool
yay south america!
I'm going to Belize in november
I'll be sure to pump that color up
I feel like I'm playing a game of Risk now
MUST TAKE OVER SOUTH AMERICA!
Asia is too hard
too many regions
Australia, north and south america, and you're set
that's all you need
and you're a winner
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3rhQc666Sg
Not to my knowledge, that's all apollo
I think it's called SiteAnalyzer
oh
it shouldn't crawl I don't think
I think it only checks the home page
It should check the home page for domains to collect, but it doesn't follow links
so it doesn't really crawl
it should only scrape
@cneale lets talk when you get back
@cneale It's "src_build_id"
and the hostmap call is
nosaka/host_map_registration
that's the route at least
yup yup
thankee
@cneale did the mixer.lock file change go through?
Sweet, thanks
Hmm
earlier this week
like
wait
no
longer than that
last week
some time
Wednesday or so?
wait
I can check this
@cneale Yup, Wednesday 5pm last week
Hmm
yeah
updated recipe changes
nothing regarding apollo though
not for zip deploys
oh, that was a while ago
yeah, I can investigate
well
so for a normal git push
you should see the note be the commit message
for a zip deploy, I think the note will say something like "built from v4" or something
Is that not the case?
nah, normal pushes are always git
you'll have to pass the extra parameter to make it a zip deploy
of the source build id
i'm looking at the code
I think I see the issue
I'm making a fix
@cneale done done
please test
yup
wow
I did a git push
and I was staring at my project page
and a new row for a build magically popped up
did you do that with some ajax magic, sir?
(soawesome)
fun stuff
although
it left my project in a small funky state =(
Now the last two builds have the rebuild link
@MatB did you need me for something yesterday?
cool
I thought you were gonna bash on my codes :p
(content)
kk
@MatB brew switch is awesome!
cool
thanks @MatB ^.^
prod, but not stage
the field that's missing is not integral
it's only used to display info in apollo
not for anything functional
We can...but removing the validation on the field
by*
for ones that don't have a hostmap, we might have to put in something in there.
yeah
that's true
hmm, that's scary
yeah, it's like commiting a noop
well, committing a noop uploads a slug as well :p
yeah, that's the difference
which could be a big difference
right...well
theoretically we say that it should be
but practically changes could happen
omg hacker
can anyone do that?
that's bad
we could, but you don't have access to that in a migration
unless you want to do that individually
ah
if you wanna fix individually, then you can probably guess most of them
macys is macys.com
cancer-prod is cancer.com
:p
oops
maybe you shouldn't guess :p
yeah, that's why I never liked that field >.<
ugh, yeah, that field is a mess, it's meaningless
(rdcry)
Sean told me that you've already looked into it yesterday.  If the ticket is a dup, just mark it as so, but transfer the info over.
cool
np
@cneale should "is_member_of" just also check whether the member is inherited?
or is a completely different method necessary
like
if you're an inherited member, shouldn't you just be treated as a normal member?
I see
yeah, didn't mean to jump in there, was just curior
curious*
really?
do we get that day off?
ah, fun times
yar!
key borrowing ftw
@cneale if you only use your computer for the moovweb heroku account, you can set up an ssh rule in your ssh config to use the key associated to your moovweb account whenever your computer talks to heroku
yar
the way people use ssh is different from user names
@cneale wait, what exactly is the problem?
nice
lemme look at the scripts
Unfortunately not yet....the BB doesn't know what the build version is
if apollo passes that information down, we could do it
another thing would be
maybe
apollo fills in that info itself
so for rebuilds, the BB doesn't add a note
and apollo sets the note itself
of what it's a rebuild of.
yeah
I can update the mixers and the git hash
lemme check why it isn't doing that right now.
repro should be easy
add group to an account
check if member that only exists in that new group can push/pull
in staging, you can =D
or rather
in local dev, you can =D
I have no idea actually
@cneale so the git hash and mixer should all be the same as the inherited project, is it possible to just copy that info over in apollo?
yay
cool, yeah, I looked into it, we're not doing that.
it be in prod?
It's blue from blues clues!
can we please use that logo during the presentation?
=(
LOUD
sorry, was looking at other stuff, what's up? I see buildbox everywhere
Yeah
but that would be a different URL
the problem with that is that that file needs to be able to be toggled
deleted, etc..
we could map it, but it might also cause a conflict if they have a similarly named file inside their assets directory
eh
so right now things are served from what URL?
whatever that is, we have to keep it
so
what we could do
is have cloud.mooweb.net/js_redirection point to a different folder in cdnfe
have it point to something else, like
so they'll both live in cdnfe
but different location
edgecast can be pointed to the new location
ah, perfect
wait
that means that js_redirection has to be a reserved name, aka, not an available account name
oh
(fml)
LOL
Ugly is the new sext
so good
(fwp)
there we go
do we?
as long as api (or js_redirection, whatever it is), is a reserved name in apollo, we should be fine.
or no>
?
@JajaB yeah, edgecast definitely lets you do that
ah
polling?
oh
definitely unlikely
if anything, I think it would be more worthwhile making our CDN more HA than trying to use apollo as a fallback
Having fallback is useful to minimize downtime
but having something as roundabout as serving from apollo again seems rather confusing
and messy
and could introduce more configuration troubles than it's worth
we have edgecast infront of them
oh
you mean if we loose all the files
I see
well
if that happens
we're fucked
js_redirection is the least of our worries
all assets will be gone
we can't have a massive migration of those
I would rather NOT repopulate the js_redirection files
because then the redirections will start working
and redirect to broken mobile pages
because they'll be missing assets
I see
so initial migration
yeah
that makes sense
lol
eh
how about
1) populate cdnfe boxes
2) add *new* edgecast rule that mirrors the one we'll replace
3) test
4) change current rule
5) pray
well
we also have to make sure that we have the infra in plasce
place*
for apollo to update/delete the file from cdnfe
before we deal with edgecast
was that decided?
(how to do it that is)?
fair enough
Hmm
even though I know apollo has it as a reserved name
the chill in my bones is quivering a faint "noooOOOoooOOoooOOoooOOooo"
I don't know, I'm probably being unreasonable
yeah
that's what I would prefer as well
but you're right, it's more danger
OR
we could change nginx to serve it from the new path?
then we don't have to change edgecast?
but then....
we'd need a new server listening/servering the js_redirect
ah, true……BB would need to be updated
yeah
Yeah
where's LV by the way? he hasn't responded
is he out today?
indeed
yey!
Thank god for that disable builds feature in apollo <3
disables people from pushing or rebuilding
and gives them an error message like
"Sorry, going through a maintenance window"
well
it'll be up to us to make sure all the configurations are correct
before we switch edgecast on
yup yup
You missed (allthethings)
same
well
I'm gonna get my bum to the office now
Hmm, we should discuss this more un detail since this is not just a request for an action, but Apollo has to pass a file to the build box as well
Yeah, that's what I wanted to discuss ;p
Give me 15 minutes to get to the office and we can talk about it more :p
Hahaha
That's what I'm doing now :p
It's worse than texting and walking
Haha
PUPPY!
Still not in the office btw, bit close!
And then scp it to cdnfe
Yup
Definitely one :p
OK LETS READ IT
will do!
to test if you have access
@Colin
@Colin what' is the name of your key?
sooooo
@Colin what do you get when you run
?
OH
Your key uses a passphrase
wait
no
Greg P added support for that
it should be fine
keep going!
lemme know what happens!
also
what version of the sdk are you using?
Yeah, that should have the latest goodness
WEIRD
that means that moov generate should work
and what happens when you run moov generate?
can you paste the output here?
wait
that looks like it worked!
OK
so the key and moov generate work fine
does pulling/pushing from github work fine?
@all http://www.youtube.com/playlist?feature=edit_ok&list=PL_RDPUXEd0ykaScC81x-ItE08wYpAlNzO
Unfortunately youtube doesn't let you add to other people's playlists
but I'll add it.
in: Meetings, try to get BB part of js_redirection done
awesome, wrong room
omg
that sounds disgusting
but also intriguing
Well, get some shipped here
and while you're at it, ask them to include some Irn Bru <3
lol, really?
is it because our pigeons are super diseased?
or because we're stuck up?
oh?
there's.....*different* kinds of pigeons?
carrier pigeons?
<3 carrier pigeons
wow
also
cause I'm trying to hit it locally and it fails
and it makes me sad
(lemon)-///-o
localhost
IMPOSSIBLE
that means it would be in the master branch
ah
thankee
you can push arbitrary branches to staging?
*until* it gets deployed?
that's awesome
so master = current production?
deploy = what is about to be deployed or what was lastly depoyed
NICE
You guys, too pro <3
Too pro
true that
so cool
you guys <3
I love it when you talk deployment protocol to me
omg, so good
indeed
Hmm
we really need something similar in sdk stuff
yeah
le sigh indeed
=(
Oooh, ture
true
should give that a go.
I use....
eew
I'm rsyncing them
I thought I was calling a script
sadface
ssh #{@host} "mkdir -p #{ cdn_dir }"
and
rsync -r -d --delete #{local_assets_dir}/* #{@host}:#{cdn_dir}
Yeah
I can make the change to do it to both places for now
OMG
my eyes
what is going on
MY EYES
sadface
(rdcry)
will do
@MatB the js_redirection path still errors out for me =(
because it fails to find the view template
not sure if I'm doing anything wrong..
hm, but if you enable, it's fine?
I ran db migrations, and I did a bundle install
anything else I could be missing?
so yea, restarted server, did nothing
link is
Yeah, I'm running redis
my error is
and in console,
browser
curl
same error
same link
lol, I don't doubt that it'll work for you
it's obviously working on your machine
I guess I'm trying to figure out why it's not working on mine
and if this means that it might not work in prod or staging
Yeah, something must be off.  You don't have any local uncommitted changes, do you?
Hmm, huff puff
not sure
I guess let's test in staging and see if it works there
Maybe my local is just fucked
@MatB did the js_stuff make it through into staging?
yeah
so
I can't test it locally
for some reason it doesn't work locally for me
so I wanted to see if it worked on staging
Today
Although, still can't replicate the js route locally :(
@SeanJ
about thta
that
I was contemplating about having multiple SDK endpoints
I'm not fond of the idea
but that seems to be the direction we're going at
and if possible, I would like to have a single SK endpoint
and have services broken down via that endpoint
well
so right now
cool
ooh
lets chat
in 10 minutes :p
Oooooh!
exciting
what was the command to load the DB with it?
(assuming this is apollo cleaned db dump)
@cneale do you know what the command to load the db was?
ah, thankee
ah, yes, that's it :p
I updated the link in the room discussion topic
yes
after cookies
?
also
my hipchat did not alert me of these alerts
wtf
cool
lemme edit the scripts to make sure they hit staging
does it have the JS chagnes?
@MatB or do you mean deploy the JS changes to prod?
that would be cool, I see no problem with it since it doesn't affect any other paths/routes
He's in a meeting
I have to update the scripts to point to prod
ok
scripts are updated
true that
I guess the only thing that could break
is updating the settings page
cool
@MatB @cneale never push onto nosaka_build_scripts master unless you're deploying something, pushing to master automatically deploys
actually
nevermind
I'm changing that right now :p
So
to deploy, you will now have to run the jenkins job
nosaka_build_scripts jenkins job
run that manually
And I'm going to turn git polling off
I don't trust myself either
:p
Chris, do you have some time to go over the code a bit?
cool
so
when you clone the repo
there's a submodule for manhattan-generator
you'll have to run the update.sh script
that script will populate the submodule
The entry points that Apollo calls are in the bin directory
That's the main build script
As you can see, it calls the build.rb script with the arguements after sourcing an environment file.
yep, tons of scripts :p
this is where the magic happens
If you remember, the first argument in build.sh
was "production"
nah, we'll deprecate it eventually I'm hoping
but manhattan-generator repo contains all the latest templates for now
anyways
build.sh calls build.rb with "production"
yeah
This config file contains the different settings for the different environments
If you want to test a script locally, run the .rb scripts with the first argument being "development"
The .sh scripts are all hard coded to "production"
do you have questions about that?
ah
lolsy indeed
hahahaha
hold on
give me a second to stop laughing
haha
ok
build box is not a server
it's just a collection of scripts :p
Apollo calls the scripts via SSH
so it'll be like
and that will run that command in the build box.
So all the files inside the bin directory are the entry points
and if you look at build.rb
You can see the different classes it's using
There's an Apollo class
etc...
those are found in
lib/nosaka/*.rb
yeah
it will fail
yeah
you also need the SDK locally
but not just any SDK
powermoov
because it needs to execute moov compile
So if you don't have that, it will also fail
Finally
the last thing you need
is to be able to ssh into your localhost
If you run "ssh localhost" in a terminal, does it open up a new shell?
Yeah, I have a post-it telling me to write a README
but I don't have enough time to do that today :p
Simple solution!
cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub >> ~/.ssh/authorized_keys
woot woot
?
looks fine
maybe restart ssh-agent?
pkill ssh-agent
hmm
try jaja's thing first :p
if that doesn't work
pkill ssh-agent; eval "ssh-agent"
wait
eval `ssh-agent`
with backticks
yay
cool
ps aux | grep ssh-agent
do you only have one running?
:p
There's two!
yeah, try that
(ohcrap)
lol
I forgot
went through with this with Mat two days ago
and I forgot that we also had to do that :p
womp womp
(dumb)
wooooot!
ok
you have apollo running locally?
run
./build.rb development mdayaram/dashy mdayaram
it worky?
yeah
that's because you're using my username to build
and I'm an admin
(it's in the config/nosaka.yml file
)
if you use your user name
yeah, admin = you get debug info when pushing
yay
thankee!
So
while I'm gone
You two must take care of the build scripts :p
They're a tempermental creature.
but I like to think of them as more misunderstood than anything
tears
they don't require feeding often, but when they're hungry, they will run you dry.
HAHAHHAHA
oh man, that was a year ago, when these babies were first born.
wow, that was back in the day when it was all in a single file
Look at how adorable it was
#memorylane
yup yup
lol
queenie asked me once who the expert on console was
and I said either Mat B or Chris N.
And I think since then she's asked Chris like 20 console questions :p
yar
kk
yar
wah?
try a different project
noj/mnojcc mdayaram
MAYBE
omg, go to the platform room, I can't hop around in too many rooms :p
@hcatlin projects generated from GUAP will not have git support (at least as far as I know)
my bad
{"build_id"=>"44799", "host_variable"=>"mmatb10797", "hostnames"=>"mmatb10797.cuteoverload.com", "upstream"=>"cuteoverload.com"}
guys
I have serius questions in platform room
stop fiddle faddling
sirius*
=(
<3
Yes?
What of it?
Hmm, well, should be in at 5, let's discuss then
sorry, got caught up dealing with an MPS production issue
@MatB no, I don't think so
but if you do a git push to something in staging
it should create a zip for it
and then you can try rebuilding it
Hmm
@MatB looks like buildbox-stage doesn't have the zip command line util
I asked jaja to do it..it would have to be a package that gets installed
@MatB zip should be there now
cl02.moovdns.net
hmm
lemme see
it resolves correctly
but there's something wrong with the cluster
that returns the same error
it's weird
we're getting an error from squid
which I didn't even know was in our infra
oooh
that's odd
>.>
=(
we're hitting a squid error
which is weird
weird
I tried my old project
and that also gives me a squid message
since when did we start using squid?
what?
lies
maybe it's an office IP thing?
Hmm
but I did the same curl you did
and I got a dns error
and you got a proper error message
life, so unfair
hmm
well
something else is broken right now
that is (theoretically) irrelevant to giedi working as it used to or not
so until we fix this problem
we can't debug whether we have backwards compat with giedi
I still want to know why jaja gets better curling results than we do from the office :p
@JajaB can you connect to vpn for a second just to try the curl again and see if you get the same result?
Hmmm
lemme grab someone's laptop and try to connect to the wireless here
really?
damn
what's different between your compy and our compies
hmmmmmm
I'm booting up one of the windows laptops to try it out htere
omg
this laptop does not have wireless
why do we even keep artifacts like this around?
laptops...I hate all of them
yes, please
sorry for all the troubles today =/
lol
sure thing
generate has been stripped off of the sdk
but all sdk's building off of jenkins are now pointing against staging
hallo
compiling SDK 4.7 against apollo stage to begin testing, will keep y'all updated
testing....
generate is broken
oooh
maybe that issue is related to me trying generate
oh
ok
I'll try again in a bit
should I wait before continuing testing?
k
hmm
eh
using s#### and www.macys.com would require the same amount of work I would think
(work regarding migration that is)
so we figured that using the site name would be nicer just to make things easier to find
@JajaB waht's the concern with making the slug directory setup www.site.com/e###.slug ?
oooooh, I see
you're not referring to migration
you're referring to the customer changing the moovweb domain
yeah
that's true
same
yey
=(
also, generate still doesn't work
gitolite-internal? hmm
could that be a conflict with the staging gitolite?
I see
@MatB I think it's a build scripts issue
it's not working
hmm, give that a try, from what I can tell, it should fail as well
are you hitting the production BB scripts?
wait
that doesn't make any sense
hrmrmrmrmrmrm
yeah, that's probably better
well
let's make it the same way we do rails dev
repo has a default config.yml with local dev settings
and then prod and stage override that file with a puppet generated one
eh, sure, but since it's local dev for us, we might as well save the step of cp config.yml.sample config.yml
oh, access denied on git server
running
hmm
it's working now
it worked
one off?
k
so
generate is working
but I'm always cloning an empty repo
or rather
the repo I'm getting is always empty
Hmm
hmmm, hold on
I see
the SDK has the git URI hardcoded
and it's trying to clone from prod
and gitolite will just give you an empty repo
if it doesn't exist
le sigh
that shoudl really be a thing we get from apollo
yeah
yeah, I guess so
let me test login
generate, yes
yeah
Hmmm
nike?
looks good
hmm
yeah sure
btw
mps in staging seems to have picked up the new hosts just fine
http://mmdayaram11569.cuteoverload.com/
to point that to staging
but it works
@MatB I'm changing the build prefix in moovweb4, right?
ok
saved
and redeploying
rebuilding
yeah
says sucess
lemme curl the headers
yup, headers updated, serving new version
switching to moovweb5
version seems updated
things are looking good
yeah
i'll take a look
yeah, thanks man!
have a fun time with your parents!
yeah, looks good to me
js redirection file is there and updated as well
sorry, was in a meeting
trying out now
oh
sorry
I dont' have access to apollo-stage
/tmp/nosaka_stage/redirect_js/matb/joyent.js
omg
*bookmark*
Is this the production buildbox?
staging buildbox? I guess that's just as good
ehhh
prolly not a good idea
well
I guess
yeah
vpn protected as well
all that jazz
ssl cert
self signed, just for encryption purposes :p
heh
omg
that is BRILLIANT
heh
I'm in gchat
can you not find me?
wow wow wow, what?  what changes are happening to the git server?
I thought today was strictly apollo deploy?
yeah
@JajaB what was that, a change in the config or something?
heart attack averted
oh man
merges be happening
that's terrifying
I feel like I'm watching a spacex launch
haha
Heroku adds them
Yeah, at first I thought I would remove them
but then I figured I didn't want to be in the business of figuring out what heroku adds to the request and what it doesn't
heh
hmm
would this be a terrible time to take a shower?
lol
never
Hmm
shower time then!
http://www.homeenergyefficiencyaudit.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Shower-meme.jpg
that requires
several showers
i'm back
what's up
yey
did anyone save me a rum ball >.>?
(rdcry)
Last year Sean brought so many
there were a ton leftover
and I kept them in the platform fridge
and probably ate three a day
for like a month
(content)
LOL
then we MUST have some
noooooooo
no spot award =(
oh
btw
let's make sure we turn git access off
before we take everything down
oh, is apollo already down?
Hmm
yeah, still up
well, git will be out of commission anyways
the only reason is the error message the user sees
then again
since apollo will be down
it won't send back a user messagee
so I guess it doesn't matter
yeah
yar
oh dear god
did it finish?
is it done?
phew
ok
we're good
well
hopefully he didn't introduce any bugs
I can confirm that apollo is disabled
cool
neat
I don't always take dumps, but when I do, they're of prod.
oh my
yey!
(flutteryay)
oh snap
I didn't know @here was a thing
hmm
entries?
wait…so did the migration succeed or fail? I'm confused
(continue)
(branch)
(dance)
ha
oooh
no its not
liar
(pizza)
(cerealspit)
(omg)
two untils? does that even parse?
math.wfh() until is_xmas? until office.has_pizza?
ooh
fail
(wtf)
(catbug)
(goodnighteverybody)
lol
are emoticons frequent because they're popular? or popular because they're frequent?
(kwanza)
oops
(kwanzaa)
(jira)
(turkey)
heh
(ghost)
(candycorn)
(cake)
(badjokeeel)
(ceilingcat)
(goodnews)
oh snap
(micdrop)
(dropthemic)
yeaaaaaa
I've been real lazy about updating the emoticon site :p
woot
not listed though…have to fix that.
emo.hazasite.com
I ask Juan to tell me what the latest emoticons are
yeah
emo.hazasite.com is a moovweb project that proxies hipchat-emoticons.nyh.name
where it adds the moovweb custom ones
yeah, I wanted automation
but I can't has it
cause I has no admin powers
sooo
turn apollo live?
(horse)
(ajcower)
hm?
(dur)
lame
clearly these emoticons are not intuitive enough
(derp)
aaaand
time to check things
sounds good
oh my, that's very thorough
cool
cool
did we verify that the layer changes showed up?
moov generate works fine
yeah, I've been refreshing
@JajaB what's up with the manifest?
hmmm, site I generated still doesn't work...
granted it's only been 4 minutes (and giedi polls apollo every….5?)
nevermind
it works now =D
no
4.7 doesn't anyways
@JajaB has it been five minutes since you deleted it?
so it's still there?
well
the slug will stay in the cache
until it gets kicked off (by not getting used)
but it should not get used, since giedi should say that it doesn't know how to resolve that host
oh oh
oh, wasn't that always broken?
@JajaB prolly needed to be propogated.
same goes with manoj's!
I don't see why not >.>
cool
yay
and sean, you're trying the redirection stuff?
I thought Sean confirmed redirection was good?
ah, ok
huh?
yeah
cool
oh oh
that's embarassing
do we know if that issue was not a longwithstanding one?
@cneale I was able to generate abcde and abcde-duplicate in the terminal using moov generate
I guess this must be a specific issue with the duplicate feature
cool
all checked?
do we have bugs for the duplicate issue and the github urls?
looks good?
I'll try that
deployed with new subdomain
waiting for giedi to propogate
there it goes
yup, new subdomain works
yey
noice
true that
yup
coool
yep
yeah
docs?
eh
greg p is still making changes to it
putting the latest on master onto stage right now would be useless
let's do it tomorrow after his changes are finalized and tested localy
yeah, mps needs to have routing, moov deploy, and logging done correctly
omg, yes, for sure
cool
We're being congratulated in the Engineering room btw
alrighty, I'm gonna head out then.
if something explodes….I probably will not be able to fix it, hell, I doubt anyone could, it exploded! you'd have to be an alchemist...
anywho
laters, awesome job guys!
yeah
also, I never got a PR from you for dechero :p
er, dechor
hmm
that's a good point
you mean like traffic stats?
yay
apollo!
oh dear dear apollo!
I demand a feature request!
I think you mean to say
"da fook?!"
yes, I need a feature request, who's blood must I sacrifice in order to explain my desires?
be it a lemons?
(lemon)-///-o
I need more info in the routing manifest :p
I'd like the service level to be added to the site/endpoint map
so like
if it's enterprise, developer, etc...
WOW
show me
so fast
wow wow
much speed
zoom zoom
no, that's fine
<3
@cneale <3
oh?
what's the diff?
oh
tier is good then
ridic
(lemon)
oh snapple
wait, really? I thought phase two was on Friday
I see
@cneale is there a URL I can hit in apollo that let's me look at the current routing manifest?
cool, thankee
hm
is that gonna work in staging?
I see
but will it recognize my IP as internal?
heh, well, let's find out!
oh, he made an appy link, right?
yeah
cool
got it
nice
@MatB you needed me for something?
much (doge)
In commute, what's up?
Did you get my email?
Would it be better if I got into the office sooner or later but got crescent breakfast sandwiches?
If no response in two minutes, I'll skip the breakfast shop :p
I decided to get sandwiches.
Don't hate me :p
(rdcry)
nginx handles gzipping things on its own
the upstream (in this case apollo) can just serve straight up things
normal, ungzipped
and nginx will gzip things on the fly
and respond to the user
(if it detects that the user can accept it)
k
4.9.40
in the staging BB
yeah
51 is the latest
I''ll start a deploy job for it
ya
right
that's correct
To test that flow, yes
ok
will the migrations conflict?
k
fair enough
gem versions of what??
oh
weird
Interesting
same goes for the SDK in the buildbox
the only options are 4.9.40 and 4.9.51
…and 0.0.4?
~.~
Are you in the office?
can you do me a favor?
there's a notepad on my desk
can you transcribe the last two pages on it for me?
It's a list of bugs I found while trying out the new flow with the SDK
but I forgot to make pivotal stories for them
doesn't have to be now, just whenever you get the time
thankee
git push you mean?
yes please
wait
phone or gchat hangout?
k
@cneale that looks right
nah, moovapp only responds to prod projects, moov deploy is deploying to staging
hmmm
I assume I"m not needed for this?
so rest
drai coad
so scurred
doob doob deeb bup
yes
I was getting tea :p
Let's do this thang
I'll follow your lead, probably best to deploy apollo first
Hmm, somewhere around there
lemme see
yeah, sounds good
I don't think we keep track of how long the updates take
but it's a little less than a minute, for sure
does it put on it's robe and wizard hat?
LOL
I want to write a router library JUST so that I can output that message on illegal routes
cool @cneale
fancy fancy
indeed we are
We should ask Colin to make a fancy fancy one
LOL
that shit is cray cray
really?
that's hilarious
hahaha
mad times, mad monies
gone, babe
deployed
that was really fast
apollo deployed?
just doing the sidekiq thang
nooooooooooo
http://nooooooooooooooo.com/
woot!
testing time!
rebuild over rebuild over rebuild!
hahahahahhaha
heh
works!
Hmm
probably
that has to do with the newbuild.rb script
which I haven't touched
Hmm, true
so it must've gotten to the script...hmm
git pushes are fie
fine*
hm
kk
yeah, I don't see any output for those..
oh
we only write out a log line when calling build register it seems
k
k
on the staging BB?
Yup, it's in there
Really?
hmm
the fudge?!
apollo, manhattan, and the scripts are all identical in staging and prod
version wise
yeah
hmm
I can compile the latest master branch and point it to staging locally
let me do that
yeah
Let's see how it goes
@hcatlin can we get a new sanitized version of apollo db prod for local dev?
thankee
hey @hcatlin , did you ever get around to creating that sanitized prod db dump?
http://sd.keepcalm-o-matic.co.uk/i/keep-calm-cuz-i-am-coming.png
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/9921601/keepcalm-scripts.png
@hcatlin db dump?
ah
no worries
just wanted to make sure progress was being made (content)
yey!
thankee!
=(
I updated the chat topic to the newest link
how do you load the db dump again?  is it just\ncat dump.sql | mysql apollo_development
?
nvm, figured it out
fun
yup
just deployed the latest scripts to staging
ok, going through all possible flows for redirection script, starting with enabling and disabling
@MatB deleting doesn't seem to work
oh
is it because the apollo build was clobbered?
@MatB are we going to deploy the fixes from last week today?
Hmm
we tested it all last week and all was good
Can we get the proper apollo version in staging, do a run through, and then do prod?
when are you free today?
I have to leave early, at 6pm unfortunately
@MatB staging looks good
I"m ready for prod deploy whenever you are
yeah, let me send out an email.
@MatB let's do this
Let me know when you're a minute away and I'll deploy BB scripts
oh oh
this is bad, it happened once for BB scripts too.  I tried inputting the version in the text field, but the deploy failed
k
deploying
womp womp
@MatB BB scripts finished deploying, how's apollo?
yep
is that the only vc?
cool, testing
@MatB looks good
done and done
things that ruby and C disagree with
yep
cray cray!
yep, the crazyness, it's off the roof
right
ohai
so
right now
deployment right now deploys to both old and new locations
old name and new name
where the slug gets fetched from (either new name or old name) is decided by the manifest
so if someone does a push/deploy with the new apollo
we know that there's a duplicate slug in the new name
and the manifest updates
to tell MPS to check the new location for it
then after a while
we can survey the manifest
and if there are no slugs left that are served with the old names
we can delete all the old ones
that's our plan right now anyways
right
true, they're unreachable if they're not in the manifest, so it should be fine
the deleting is not essential, but it's possible
sleepy time for jaja :p
Yeah, the git repo....hrmrmrmr, I don't know if we can delete old ones
we might have to support those for a while
current ones that is
so
have you been following that SSL issue we had?
we did
but it was messy
and required us to build custom slugs for 4 projects an put them in production before the release if we wanted to have zero down time for those projects
so we were gonna go through the steps of doing that
but I talked to LV today about it
and it looks like we can do something simpler
which will also be zero downtime
but won't require any slug mangling
so I'm undoing the changes I made before (adding a config to a project telling it to use a maximum of TLS1.0 to connect)
and I'm adding a new feature to MPS which is to automatically try reconnecting and handshaking a TLS connection with a max TLS version of 1.0 if the original handshake failed
we didn't want to do that second option first because me and Sean thought that LV wouldn't like it
because it would apply to all projects
but turns out that LV prefers that
and that's also how browsers work
right
so as long as we're as secure or more secure than browsers, LV is happy, so I'm making the changes for that now
Should have a build out by today so that we can test in staging
if that's good, we'll begin rollout tomorrow
yah man, nothing less :p
this time without fucking up terribly on my part hopefully >.>
lol
I wonder
would it be better to start off the rollout on the community cluster rather than stage?
assuming that non-prod things are in community
cus technically, the stage cluster is considered "prod" to most people
yep =/
@JajaB good or bad idea?  Only allow prod deploys of applications (from appy) that have successfully been deployed to their stage environment previously.
also, I don't know why I asked this in apollo
cool
just throwing that idea out there
I know it means more dev work for you, so I would probably just wait until you have nothing else better to do :p
(dance)
yey!
accountname/sitename ftw
>.>
it's only used for deploying
and viewing in apollo (via URL)
ok, noj is out again, making graphs
Interview
@MatB I'm good, let me know about the idea, in the mean time, I'll get BB ready
sadface
let's look into it tomorrow if we have the time, if not, monday
REDIS?
oh god
did it go down?
I'm scurred
oh god
I'm scurred
did someoen test that version of redis with apollo running locally?
or at least on our sandbox environment?
/me has a sudden shudder up his spine
scurred
goodbye
I'm running away
ouchies
hcatlin, so considerate
:p
I've been trying to upload an image
for the past 10 minutes
google just keeps showing me the spinner
sadface
k
@cneale (badass)
we're about to head out to lunch too
Hmmm
not sure
I remember sean added github hooks to jira
but don't know if he did the same for pivotal
don't know =(
heat is on
also
I'm so close to fixing that issue
expect a PR
in the next 5 minutes >.>
(sadtroll)
sad, I guess my feature will not see prod today =(
Adding the build version to the SDK API call for checking build status
I'm done with the code, running tests now to verify everything is good, then I'll make a PR
It's a one line change (and one line update to the test)
test looks good, making PR now
plz review
kthnx
can we get this in before you deploy? It would make me so excite (content)
(sadtroll)
guys
I haven't commited code in months
you must let me have this :p
wow
ok
yay
travis said it was OK
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgzGwKwLmgM
omg
it's mat's public key everyone!
!
neat
(catbug)
@noj give mat a hug please
woops
hmm
weeird
:p
or maybe it can't give mat a hug :p
@JajaB +100 more points for helping fix jenkins
@MatB +100 for trying
hahahaha
hahahaha
